
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1194601584                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400396743012                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 409337                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   532024                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  41442                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67759048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28825.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11799527056                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15336086488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        68224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        43136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        69504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        43392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               540672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           42496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       180096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            180096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1407                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1407                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36216259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     57110254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36109110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     58181741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13715033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36216259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3107312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     36323407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               452596085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3107312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35573367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         150758213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              150758213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         150758213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36216259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     57110254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36109110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     58181741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13715033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36216259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3107312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     36323407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              603354298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       211641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2261283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27848      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32178      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17825      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20155      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20760      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123902      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.418600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       228896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34252                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         18827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       201051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6800982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948085     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230856      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124525      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86093      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38827      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9381      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.86%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145013     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126624      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74669      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         14011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.469860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.468800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980979     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232711      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97439      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58555      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40184      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26391      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21659      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3918213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                341235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.864747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.864747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.349071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.349071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         195597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67795                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          529                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1225681                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            195597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        78299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              241394                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         38366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       296757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119585                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11959                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2620184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2378790     90.79%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           8285      0.32%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17699      0.68%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7212      0.28%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          39466      1.51%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          35510      1.36%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6596      0.25%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          14342      0.55%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         112284      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2620184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.427849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2039578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       313712                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          240317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          822                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1435464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2042773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        284544                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        20425                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          238134                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8553                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1433311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1689040                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6743135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6743135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1460714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         228310                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       336404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       168756                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8253                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1428160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1361410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       321838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2620184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.312661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2133765     81.44%     81.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147187      5.62%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119892      4.58%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51643      1.97%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65435      2.50%     96.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        62105      2.37%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35572      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2867      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1718      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2620184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3346     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26333     86.45%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          783      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       855882     62.87%     62.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11733      0.86%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       325724     23.93%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       167991     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1361410                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.475228                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30462                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022375                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5374656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1560083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1347639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1391872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1750                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        279249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2295                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1428338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       336404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       168756                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6277                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        13875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1350413                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       324527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             492470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         176762                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           167943                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.471389                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1347783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1347639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          728963                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1437118                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.470421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1085771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1275553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2594433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2130503     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170298      6.56%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79388      3.06%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78577      3.03%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21075      0.81%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        90503      3.49%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6920      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4939      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12230      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2594433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1085771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1275553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               486568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              319567                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           168459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1134076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        12230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4010658                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2882715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 46042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                244569                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1085771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1275553                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1085771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.638450                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.638450                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.379010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.379010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6671319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1568973                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1703284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         246722                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205645                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88337                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2137677                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1352328                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            246722                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       114440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              280986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         68304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       212267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          134475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2393890     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          17098      0.64%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21111      0.79%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          34412      1.29%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          14167      0.53%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          18790      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          21442      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10224      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         143742      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2674876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.472057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2125055                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       226320                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          279565                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        37223                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1652569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2127669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          6702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       213177                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          277085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1641660                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2293402                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7628986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7628986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1882251                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         411151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       154952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        79213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        18073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1600517                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1523933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216670                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.569721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2030808     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292615     10.94%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120264      4.50%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67649      2.53%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90870      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28801      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27922      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14750      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1197      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10498     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284534     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20621      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139706      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78885      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1523933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531960                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13317                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5737867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481471                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          5084                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1600902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14135                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        27713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495326                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             215778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         210737                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            78865                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.521974                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1481487                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1481471                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          887564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2385182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.517137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1094827                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24204                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2059245     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290278     11.03%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105407      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52208      1.98%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47563      1.81%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20172      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20041      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9506      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26693      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1094827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1349160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               200075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              122301                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           195506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1214763                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27873                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        26693                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4205330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3245584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 34459                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                189877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1094827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1349160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1094827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.616626                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.616626                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.382172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.382172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6725340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2072708                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1525696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         245985                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88086                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26029                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2131472                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1348104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            245985                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       114115                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              280125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         68114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       219978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          134089                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.982619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2395270     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          17029      0.64%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          21050      0.79%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          34306      1.28%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          14139      0.53%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          18736      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          21387      0.80%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          10198      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         143280      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2675395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.085866                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.470583                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2118903                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       233975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          278707                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        43637                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        37119                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1647494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        43637                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2121508                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          6665                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       220897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          276236                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1636609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2286064                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7605485                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7605485                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1876196                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         409868                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           23245                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       154524                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        78993                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        18028                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1595547                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1519208                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215947                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453119                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2033336     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291684     10.90%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119875      4.48%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67457      2.52%     93.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90607      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28718      1.07%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27830      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14699      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1189      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10465     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.92%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1365     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1280491     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20561      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          186      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139308      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78662      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1519208                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530310                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5728898                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1811885                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1476885                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1532488                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32557                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        43637                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          5056                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1595932                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154524                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        78993                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          602                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13549                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        27638                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1490698                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136529                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             215170                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         210106                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            78641                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.520358                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1476901                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1476885                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          884726                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2377537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.515537                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372119                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1091352                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1344978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        24140                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061694     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289337     10.99%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105078      3.99%     93.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52055      1.98%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47410      1.80%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20121      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19975      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9479      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26609      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1091352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1344978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               199521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              121967                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           194914                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1211019                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        27804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26609                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4201089                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3235518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 34365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                189358                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1091352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1344978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1091352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.624958                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.624958                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.380958                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.380958                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6704576                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2066021                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1520999                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         246082                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205093                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24108                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93918                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88128                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2132696                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1348866                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            246082                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       114165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              280269                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         68121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       218620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          134156                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.620123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2395139     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          17047      0.64%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          21057      0.79%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          34323      1.28%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          14138      0.53%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          18745      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          21395      0.80%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          10207      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         143357      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2675408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.085900                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.470849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2120120                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       232622                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          278853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        43640                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        37135                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1648349                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        43640                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2122724                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          6666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       219538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          276383                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1637479                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2287417                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7609571                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7609571                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1877523                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         409878                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           23246                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       154563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        79035                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        18028                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1596415                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1520066                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215958                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2032936     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291927     10.91%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119924      4.48%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67497      2.52%     93.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90655      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28724      1.07%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27849      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14702      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1194      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10468     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.91%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1281261     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20565      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139347      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78706      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1520066                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530610                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13287                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5730634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1812764                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1477738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1533353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32557                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        43640                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          5059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1596800                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79035                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          602                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13551                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14091                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        27642                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491554                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136568                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28512                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             215254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         210201                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            78686                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.520657                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1477754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1477738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          885270                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2378981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.515834                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1092105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250973                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        24144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061299     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289582     11.00%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105123      3.99%     93.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52091      1.98%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47452      1.80%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20128      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19995      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9479      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26619      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1092105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1345824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               199601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              122003                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           195008                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1211793                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        27814                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        26619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4201946                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3237254                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 34381                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                189345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1092105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1345824                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1092105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.623148                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.623148                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.381221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.381221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6708442                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2067359                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1521836                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         193946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          532                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1105549                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            193946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       138394                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              245524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         56218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        89192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2187220     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          38140      1.57%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18165      0.75%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          37590      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10745      0.44%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          35226      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5145      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8546      0.35%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          91967      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2432744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.385914                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2036588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       112137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          244848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1228027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2039434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         75494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        28498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          242033                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8389                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1225222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1597400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5539281                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5539281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1259511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         337866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           18893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       229376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        33338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1217101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1126992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       517280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.073041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1937945     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151964      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171158      7.04%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96321      3.96%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48341      1.99%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12636      0.52%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13750      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          327      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          302      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1840     56.91%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          785     24.28%     81.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          608     18.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       878510     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8174      0.73%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207432     18.41%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32802      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1126992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.393399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3233                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4691359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1461455                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1356                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         65617                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1217265                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229376                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        17765                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112127                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204259                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             237042                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         169329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            32783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.388210                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1096618                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1096241                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          665829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1419909                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.382665                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.468924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       970660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       246663                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16550                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2035246     85.02%     85.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       139201      5.81%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91067      3.80%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27976      1.17%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48567      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8883      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5814      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4946      0.21%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32151      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       868824                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       970660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               210574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              178592                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           149743                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          845741                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        32151                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3579010                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2473578                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                432009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            868824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              970660                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       868824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.297277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.297277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.303281                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.303281                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5180276                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1421728                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1314025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         164471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134072                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67370                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16389                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          785                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1594219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               973198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            164471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        79069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              199509                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         55484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       145478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           99787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17696                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1976344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.952388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1776835     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10490      0.53%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16708      0.85%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          24963      1.26%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10586      0.54%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          12232      0.62%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          13123      0.66%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9196      0.47%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         102211      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1976344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.057412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.339714                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1573691                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       166631                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          197941                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1239                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        36841                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        26681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          300                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1179406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        36841                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1577686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         59381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        94632                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          195246                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12549                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1176674                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          825                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1609985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5485039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5485039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1321703                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         288282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          255                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           36391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       119286                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        65910                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3259                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        12680                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172559                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          256                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1093603                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182098                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       419432                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1976344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.553346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1509160     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       190071      9.62%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104889      5.31%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68822      3.48%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62389      3.16%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19320      0.98%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13828      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4756      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3109      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1976344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1101     41.45%     53.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1231     46.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900413     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20134      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          121      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108361      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64574      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1093603                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.381744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2656                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002429                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4168057                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1354977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1073274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1096259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5271                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          879                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        36841                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         47337                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1456                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1172815                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119286                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65910                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9577                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10936                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        20513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1077402                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             167085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         146160                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            64441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.376089                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1073368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1073274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          635558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1611371                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.374648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394421                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       792320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       966083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       207592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        18001                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1939503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1547913     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186555      9.62%     89.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77515      4.00%     93.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39334      2.03%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29639      1.53%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16904      0.87%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10533      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8658      0.45%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22452      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1939503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       792320                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       966083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               155029                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               93672                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           134027                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          873554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        18837                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        22452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3090726                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2384198                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 28791                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                888409                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            792320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              966083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       792320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.615652                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.615652                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.276575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.276575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4890634                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1466676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1117865                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         195109                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10495                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2047680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1222380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            195109                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        78132                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              240774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         38224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       309133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2626380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2385606     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8288      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17655      0.67%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7208      0.27%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          39335      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          35370      1.35%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6576      0.25%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          14348      0.55%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         111994      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2626380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068107                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.426696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2033568                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       326638                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          239692                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          828                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        17094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1431744                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2036794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        296922                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        20482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          237450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1429573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         3921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1685332                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6725472                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6725472                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1457941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         227373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       335147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       168143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1424465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357980                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2626380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2140062     81.48%     81.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147750      5.63%     87.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120097      4.57%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51613      1.97%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65278      2.49%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61674      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35340      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2853      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1713      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2626380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3335     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26127     86.43%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       854281     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11731      0.86%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       324505     23.90%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       167383     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357980                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.474030                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30230                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022261                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5373774                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1555817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1344238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1388210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16780                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1742                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        291110                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2272                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1424643                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       335147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       168143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6256                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7583                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        13839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1347001                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       323298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             490634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         176352                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           167336                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.470198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1344378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1344238                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          727327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1435119                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.469233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506806                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1083115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1272534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152233                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        12075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2600730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2137443     82.19%     82.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170393      6.55%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79461      3.06%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78274      3.01%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21081      0.81%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89914      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6927      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4955      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12282      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2600730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1083115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1272534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               484753                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              318357                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           168098                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1131418                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        12282                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4013202                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2875218                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 45760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                238373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1083115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1272534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1083115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.644920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.644920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.378083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.378083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6653289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1565691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1698154                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         164603                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134175                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17779                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        66950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62426                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16408                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1597282                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts               974924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            164603                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        78834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              199920                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         55845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       141958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          100026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      1976590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1776670     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          10533      0.53%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          16665      0.84%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          25241      1.28%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          10409      0.53%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          12276      0.62%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          12804      0.65%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9113      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         102879      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      1976590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.057458                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.340317                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1576074                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       163806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          198319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37133                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        26723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1182547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37133                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1580300                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         65039                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        85298                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          195398                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        13413                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1179480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1073                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1613223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5498830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5498830                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1322959                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         290259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          252                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           38135                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       120148                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        66031                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3261                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        12679                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1175204                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1094456                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2066                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183770                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1976590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.553709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1508626     76.32%     76.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       191084      9.67%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104969      5.31%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68340      3.46%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62436      3.16%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19169      0.97%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14043      0.71%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4817      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3106      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1976590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           303     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1123     42.49%     53.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1217     46.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       901076     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20099      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          121      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108642      9.93%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64518      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1094456                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.382042                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2643                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002415                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4170211                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1359292                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1073647                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1097099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5249                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26399                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4629                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37133                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         52795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1175457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       120148                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66031                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          899                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9519                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11066                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        20585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1077867                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102661                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             167063                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         146019                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            64402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.376251                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1073749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1073647                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          636017                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1614210                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.374778                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394011                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       793036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       966965                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209409                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        18071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1939457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1547148     79.77%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187355      9.66%     89.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77516      4.00%     93.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39161      2.02%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29634      1.53%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16957      0.87%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10552      0.54%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8610      0.44%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22524      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1939457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       793036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       966965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               155151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads               93749                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           134149                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          874353                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        18856                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        22524                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3093307                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2389888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 28967                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                888163                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            793036                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              966965                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       793036                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.612387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.612387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.276825                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.276825                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        4892801                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1467344                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1119475                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         246792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94155                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88360                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26112                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2138341                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1352746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            246792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       114472                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              281070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         68322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       211477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          134514                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2393775     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          17103      0.64%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21115      0.79%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          34423      1.29%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          14168      0.53%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          18796      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          21448      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10226      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         143791      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2674845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086148                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.472203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2125729                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       225519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          279650                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        43774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        37232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1653087                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        43774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2128342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       212372                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          277171                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1642185                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2294124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7631459                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7631459                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1882873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         411220                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           23327                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       155004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        79251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        18085                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1601049                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1524448                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216704                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454639                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.569920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2030569     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292701     10.94%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120308      4.50%     91.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67673      2.53%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90899      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28809      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27930      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14757      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1199      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10501     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1452     10.90%     89.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1371     10.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284947     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20633      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139758      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78923      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1524448                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532139                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13324                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5738872                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1818144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481970                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32657                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        43774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          5085                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1601434                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       155004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13582                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14139                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        27721                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495830                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             215865                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         210801                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            78903                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522150                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1481986                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1481970                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          887864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2385962                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.517312                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1095194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251805                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        24211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2059018     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290366     11.04%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105439      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52227      1.99%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47580      1.81%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20182      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20050      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9508      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26701      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1095194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1349619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               200153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              122345                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           195566                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1215180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        27882                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        26701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4205794                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3246649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 34465                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                189908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1095194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1349619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1095194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.615749                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.615749                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.382300                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.382300                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6727623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       2073397                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1526187                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2863101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         222208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85124                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22418                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2124815                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1242142                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            222208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       107542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              257891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         64986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       123911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          131605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2547905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2290014     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11829      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18630      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          24959      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          26555      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          22668      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          12270      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18665      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         122315      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2547905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.433845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2102980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       146210                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          257273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        36273                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1522855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2109310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         17258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       115035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          251297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1521375                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2121805                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7073866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7073866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1805308                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         316404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           42801                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       143621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        76225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        19300                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1518457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1430557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2547905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1943138     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248755      9.76%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125924      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94299      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75075      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30285      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18994      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10112      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1323      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2547905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     11.78%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          939     36.98%     48.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     51.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1203845     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21222      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129472      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75841      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1430557                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.499653                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2539                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5411868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         14204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1518826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12728                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1409737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121899                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             197725                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         199664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            75826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.492381                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1407560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1407481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          808587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2181597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.491593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370640                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1052568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1295384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23469                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2506830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1974573     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264197     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99360      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47530      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40307      1.61%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23095      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20042      0.80%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8886      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28840      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2506830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1052568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1295384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               192131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              117419                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           186790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1167176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        26704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3996741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3078692                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 34064                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                315196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1052568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1295384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1052568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.720110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.720110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.367632                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.367632                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6343376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1961393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1410592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         194411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174645                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16958                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127840                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1107104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            194411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       138428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              245970                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         56589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        84305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          125860                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16422                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2427804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2181834     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          38081      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18417      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          37792      1.56%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35350      1.46%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5058      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8402      0.35%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92188      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2427804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067863                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.386457                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2035727                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       107354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          245316                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1229752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2038603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         69253                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        29944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          242490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1226814                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1600002                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5546191                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5546191                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1259470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         340506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           18965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       229601                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1218467                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1127650                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245570                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520965                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2427804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.464473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1933672     79.65%     79.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150837      6.21%     85.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171381      7.06%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96307      3.97%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48391      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12688      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13881      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          336      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2427804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1874     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          797     24.33%     81.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879157     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207469     18.40%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1127650                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.393629                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3276                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002905                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4687720                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51012                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         59507                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1218633                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229601                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204177                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             236919                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         169547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            32742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.388325                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1097041                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1096608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          665866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1420254                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.382793                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.468836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       970626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248045                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.406348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.273501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2030673     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138476      5.80%     90.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91086      3.81%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27942      1.17%     95.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48673      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8816      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5809      0.24%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32259      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       868790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       970626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               210564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              178582                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           149738                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          845712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        32259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3575055                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2476545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48099                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                436949                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            868790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              970626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       868790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.297406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.297406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.303269                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.303269                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5181026                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1422546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1315490                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         194244                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174992                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67346                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10488                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2036606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1216233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            194244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        77834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              239643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         38210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       300330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          118646                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11905                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2605338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2365695     90.80%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8281      0.32%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17649      0.68%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           7173      0.28%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          39084      1.50%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          35091      1.35%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6571      0.25%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          14346      0.55%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         111448      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2605338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.424551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2020930                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       319374                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          238567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          821                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        25642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        17084                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1424799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        25642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2024250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        286486                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        23516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          236276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         9164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1422646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         4011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1678712                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6692409                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6692409                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1451309                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         227377                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           24007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       332586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       166865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1558                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8243                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1417529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1351049                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2605338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2121087     81.41%     81.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147336      5.66%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119580      4.59%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51593      1.98%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64903      2.49%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61175      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35076      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2873      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1715      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2605338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3344     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25877     86.26%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       851217     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11695      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321951     23.83%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166106     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1351049                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.471611                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29998                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5338626                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1548886                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1337304                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1381047                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2465                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16783                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        25642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        280406                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1417707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       332586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1564                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6253                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        13830                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1340063                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320739                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             486798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         175487                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           166059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.467776                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1337445                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1337304                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          723881                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1430625                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.466813                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505989                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1076970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1265600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        12069                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2579696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2118629     82.13%     82.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169806      6.58%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79115      3.07%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77764      3.01%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21124      0.82%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89174      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6914      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4938      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12232      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2579696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1076970                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1265600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               480924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              315800                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           167230                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1125334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12265                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        12232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3985281                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2861336                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 45450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                259415                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1076970                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1265600                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1076970                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.660012                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.660012                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.375938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.375938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6616416                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1559057                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1688179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         246438                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205400                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94038                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88248                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26072                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2135586                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1350780                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            246438                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       114320                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              280667                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         68223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       214953                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          134334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23022                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2394431     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          17078      0.64%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          21089      0.79%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          34371      1.28%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          14151      0.53%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          18771      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          21422      0.80%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          10217      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         143568      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2675098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.471517                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2122980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       228987                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          279251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          168                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        43709                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        37184                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1650674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        43709                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2125586                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          6698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       215857                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          276779                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6462                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1639798                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2290721                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7620367                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7620367                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1880195                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         410519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           23274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       154801                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        79144                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        18052                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1598753                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1522281                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216385                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453918                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.569056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.295359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2031699     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292328     10.93%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120134      4.49%     91.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67585      2.53%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90766      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28768      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27893      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14732      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1193      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10485     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.90%     89.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1283110     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20593      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139575      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78816      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1522281                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531383                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13304                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5734771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1815529                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1479877                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1535585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        43709                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          5081                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1599138                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154801                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79144                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13564                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14117                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        27681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1493720                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136788                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             215584                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         210504                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            78796                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.521413                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1479893                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1479877                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          886604                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2382568                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.516581                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1093653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1347727                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251414                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        24177                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.328871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2060131     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289970     11.02%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105283      4.00%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52161      1.98%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47514      1.81%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20154      0.77%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20017      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9492      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26667      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1093653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1347727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               199893                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              122188                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           195288                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1213489                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        27846                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26667                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4203863                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3241997                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 34430                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                189655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1093653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1347727                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1093653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.619435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.619435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.381762                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.381762                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6718197                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2070389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1524002                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         194390                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174624                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131570                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127820                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2057746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1106977                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            194390                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       138408                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              245942                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         56582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        91847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125845                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16420                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2435057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2189115     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          38075      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18416      0.76%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          37786      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          35344      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5058      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8401      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          92180      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2435057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067856                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.386413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2035448                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       114923                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          245285                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1229618                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2038326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         79726                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        27028                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          242452                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8380                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1226670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1599831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5545563                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5545563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1259341                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         340454                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           18985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       229560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1218333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1127526                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2435057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.073869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1940959     79.71%     79.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150853      6.20%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171352      7.04%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96288      3.95%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48396      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12689      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13875      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          334      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2435057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1873     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     24.38%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879067     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207435     18.40%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1127526                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.393586                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4694727                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464056                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         69969                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          960                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1218499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          445                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10573                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112321                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204136                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15205                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             236877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         169525                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            32741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.388278                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1096911                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1096481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          665789                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1420154                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.382749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.468815                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       970517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16662                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2037962     85.06%     85.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138470      5.78%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91076      3.80%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27941      1.17%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48667      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8817      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5808      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4921      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32253      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       868681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       970517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               210532                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              178550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           149720                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          845621                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        32253                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3582178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2476263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 48094                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                429696                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            868681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              970517                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       868681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.297819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.297819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.303231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.303231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5180377                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1422395                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1315327                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         194807                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175301                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11990                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2038727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1220088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            194807                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        77998                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              240454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         38370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       289212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          118733                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11812                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2597438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2356984     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8426      0.32%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17729      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7199      0.28%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          39087      1.50%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          35270      1.36%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6628      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14289      0.55%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         111826      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2597438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068001                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.425896                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2023876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       307518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          239374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          810                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        25856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17315                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1428967                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1416                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        25856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2027107                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        270852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        27379                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          237127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9113                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1426701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          183                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1682988                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6711150                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6711150                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1453065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         229917                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           94                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           23489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       333140                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       167335                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1421562                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1255                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132896                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325043                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2597438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.312501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2112054     81.31%     81.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147477      5.68%     86.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119608      4.60%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52283      2.01%     93.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65283      2.51%     96.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61155      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34973      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2868      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1737      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2597438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3354     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25843     86.22%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       853269     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11798      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       322602     23.82%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166510     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354259                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.472732                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29974                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022133                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5337185                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1554699                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1340606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1384233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2522                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16900                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1994                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        25856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        264964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2328                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1421744                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       333140                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       167335                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           94                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1469                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7574                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        13704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1343444                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       321305                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             487760                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         175955                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           166455                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.468956                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1340762                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1340606                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          725371                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1433377                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.467966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1078451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267234                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154673                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        12007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2571582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2110050     82.05%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169971      6.61%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78971      3.07%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77898      3.03%     94.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21320      0.83%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89280      3.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6925      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4939      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12228      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2571582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1078451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1267234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               481573                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              316237                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           167462                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1126754                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        12228                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3981248                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2869691                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 45404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                267315                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1078451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1267234                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1078451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.656359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.656359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.376455                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.376455                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6632455                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1562360                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1692936                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.847192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.946559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.137669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   101.198080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1829.564884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.011298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.893342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      208881853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840185.569832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941157.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840185.569832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941157.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840185.569832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941157.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.950059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         113838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        47.118377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.540531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.594843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   188.970014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1830.844671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.092271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.893967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     384821097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      384821097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     384821097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.415744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.436019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.434475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.434475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288384849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352504516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288384849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352504516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288384849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352504516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.415744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853209.612426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957892.706522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853209.612426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957892.706522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853209.612426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957892.706522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.781192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.777504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    50.843563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1943.597740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.005262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.024826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.949022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      93531941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total       93531941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total      93531941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         132605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.249423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.778981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    10.774348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    50.614931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1943.831741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.005261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.024714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.949137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9116317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87519172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      96635489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9116317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87519172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total       96635489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9116317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87519172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total      96635489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 828756.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 841530.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840308.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 828756.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 841530.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 840308.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 828756.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 841530.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 840308.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8149812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78384673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86534485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8149812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78384673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86534485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8149812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78384673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86534485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       740892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753698.778846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752473.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       740892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753698.778846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752473.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       740892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753698.778846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752473.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         132605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.249423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.777305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    10.768418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    50.696235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1943.758042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.005258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.024754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.949101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12199453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     86934900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      99134353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12199453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     86934900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total       99134353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12199453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     86934900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total      99134353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1109041.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 835912.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862037.852174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1109041.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 835912.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862037.852174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1109041.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 835912.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862037.852174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11233653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     77802733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89036386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11233653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     77802733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89036386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11233653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     77802733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89036386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1021241.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 748103.201923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774229.443478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1021241.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 748103.201923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774229.443478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1021241.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 748103.201923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774229.443478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          240                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.713693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          52165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        22.799388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.242087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.203342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   113.338832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1876.929432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.055341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.916469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   358                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 240                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     238876640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      238876640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     238876640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.403361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.401338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.401338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          545                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2044.047784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          87070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        33.604786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         135.334183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    11.873518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   232.491295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1663.348787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.066081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.113521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.812182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.998070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            399                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 399                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          352                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   352                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 546                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12572471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    485978039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     498550510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47124656                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     47124656                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12572471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    533102695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      545675166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12572471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    533102695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     545675166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          399                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             399                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.586854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.608018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.608018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 967113.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 997901.517454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 997101.020000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1024449.043478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1024449.043478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 967113.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1000192.673546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 999405.065934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 967113.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1000192.673546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 999405.065934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                295                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     295                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11431071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    443201405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454632476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     43085074                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43085074                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11431071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    486286479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497717550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11431071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    486286479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497717550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 879313.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 910064.486653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 909264.952000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 936632.043478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 936632.043478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 879313.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 912357.371482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911570.604396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 879313.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 912357.371482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911570.604396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          367                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.950033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         113837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        47.137474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.539448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.591277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   188.435570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1831.383738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.092010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.894230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 367                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66880423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325409934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     392290357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66880423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325409934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      392290357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66880423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325409934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     392290357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.415536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.435867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.434320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.434320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2229347.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965608.112760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1068911.054496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2229347.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965608.112760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1068911.054496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2229347.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965608.112760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1068911.054496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64246350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295818729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360065079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64246350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295818729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360065079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64246350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295818729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360065079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.415536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2141545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877800.382789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981103.757493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2141545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877800.382789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981103.757493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2141545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877800.382789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981103.757493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          557                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2043.897140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          87072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        33.450634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.765601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    11.877544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   236.240864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1661.013131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.115352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.811042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.997997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            401                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 401                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   354                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          543                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 556                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13654196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    492154064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     505808260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     44248073                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     44248073                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13654196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    536402137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      550056333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13654196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    536402137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     550056333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.584019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.605351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.610989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.605351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.610989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1050322.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 990249.625755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991780.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 961914.630435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961914.630435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1050322.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987849.239411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 989309.951439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1050322.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987849.239411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 989309.951439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                307                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     307                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12512579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    448512432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461025011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     40208996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40208996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12512579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    488721428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    501234007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12512579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    488721428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    501234007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.584019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.605351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.605351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 962506.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 902439.501006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903970.609804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 874108.608696                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874108.608696                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 962506.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 900039.462247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901500.012590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 962506.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 900039.462247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901500.012590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.778582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    10.772514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    50.845323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1943.603581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.024827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.949025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10362476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83488377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      93850853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10362476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83488377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total       93850853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10362476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83488377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total      93850853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 942043.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 802772.855769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816094.373913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 942043.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 802772.855769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816094.373913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 942043.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 802772.855769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816094.373913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9392926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     74310860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83703786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9392926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     74310860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83703786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9392926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     74310860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83703786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 853902.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 714527.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727859.008696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 853902.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 714527.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727859.008696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 853902.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 714527.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727859.008696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          155                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.676493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        54.187727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.676493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.903968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    62.756389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1940.339643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.030643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.947431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161467948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      161467948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     161467948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.693565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.211262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.602778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   113.070942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1876.808584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.012013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.055210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.916410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65622257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189267225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254889482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65622257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189267225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      254889482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65622257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189267225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     254889482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2430453.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892769.929245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1066483.188285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2430453.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892769.929245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1066483.188285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2430453.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892769.929245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1066483.188285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63250905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170649522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233900427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63250905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170649522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233900427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63250905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170649522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233900427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2342626.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 804950.575472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978662.874477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2342626.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 804950.575472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978662.874477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2342626.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 804950.575472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978662.874477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.949524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         113827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        47.113825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.540531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.496325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   187.568540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1832.344127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.091586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.894699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   469                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66575235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    330701826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     397277061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66575235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    330701826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      397277061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66575235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    330701826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     397277061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2219174.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 978407.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1079557.230978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2219174.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 978407.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1079557.230978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2219174.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 978407.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1079557.230978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63940711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    301024058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364964769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63940711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    301024058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364964769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63940711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    301024058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364964769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2131357.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890603.721893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 991752.089674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2131357.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890603.721893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 991752.089674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2131357.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890603.721893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 991752.089674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.776714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    10.766205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    50.692493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1943.764588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.024752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.949104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13443418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     83808840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      97252258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13443418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     83808840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total       97252258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13443418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     83808840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total      97252258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1222128.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 805854.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 845671.808696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1222128.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 805854.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 845671.808696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1222128.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 805854.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 845671.808696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12477618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     74674994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87152612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12477618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     74674994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87152612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12477618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     74674994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87152612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1134328.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 718028.788462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757848.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1134328.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 718028.788462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757848.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1134328.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 718028.788462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757848.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.697824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.222608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.628867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   113.388695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1876.457654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.012026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.055366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.916239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63030989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189437126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     252468115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63030989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189437126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      252468115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63030989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189437126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     252468115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2334481.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 893571.349057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1056351.945607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2334481.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 893571.349057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1056351.945607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2334481.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 893571.349057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1056351.945607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60660389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    170819404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231479793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60660389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    170819404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231479793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60660389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    170819404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231479793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2246681.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 805751.905660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968534.698745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2246681.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 805751.905660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968534.698745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2246681.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 805751.905660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968534.698745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.950085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         113835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        47.117136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.524198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.905050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   188.039101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1832.481737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.091816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.894766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   476                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66333732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    329799837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     396133569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66333732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    329799837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      396133569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66333732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    329799837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     396133569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.437574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.436019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.436019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2287370.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 972860.876106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1076449.915761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2287370.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 972860.876106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1076449.915761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2287370.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 972860.876106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1076449.915761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63787221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    300032073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363819294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63787221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    300032073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363819294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63787221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    300032073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363819294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2199559.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 885050.362832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988639.385870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2199559.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 885050.362832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988639.385870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2199559.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 885050.362832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988639.385870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.095151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.095151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.997599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.362257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.637743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              565.979654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              768702867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1339203.601045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.209906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.769748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.038798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1213441                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 606720.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  816                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              289291340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             269861.324627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   110.598283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   145.401717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.432025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.567975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       306205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        306205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       166820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       166820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       473025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         473025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       473025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        473025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1393540542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1393540542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       768788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1394309330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1394309330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1394309330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1394309330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       309193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       309193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       166830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       166830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       476023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       476023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       476023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       476023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 466379.030120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466379.030120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 76878.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76878.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353311722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353311722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353504022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353504022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353504022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353504022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 434577.763838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 434577.763838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              465.776683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753010712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1615902.815451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.776683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.017270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         134460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        134460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       134475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       134475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              109344816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             167964.387097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   133.637270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   122.362730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.522021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.477979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       105155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        77399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       182554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         182554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       182554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        182554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       106175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        77399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              465.773536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              753010326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1615901.987124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    10.773536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.017265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       134074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       134074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         134074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       134074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        134074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10868409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10868409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10868409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10868409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10868409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10868409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       134089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       134089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       134089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       134089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       134089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 724560.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 724560.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 724560.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 724560.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 724560.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 724560.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9211017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9211017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9211017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9211017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9211017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9211017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 837365.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837365.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 837365.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837365.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 837365.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837365.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              109344320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             168222.030769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   133.288796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   122.711204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.520659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.479341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       104878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        77180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       182058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         182058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       182058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        182058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    251876663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    251876663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    251876663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251876663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    251876663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251876663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       105894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        77180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       183074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       183074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247910.101378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 247910.101378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247910.101378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 247910.101378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247910.101378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 247910.101378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107267403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107267403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107267403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107267403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107267403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107267403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 272252.291878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 272252.291878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 272252.291878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 272252.291878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 272252.291878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 272252.291878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              465.767609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              753010392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1615902.128755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    10.767609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.017256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       134140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       134140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         134140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       134140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        134140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17197700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17197700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17197700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17197700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17197700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17197700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       134156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       134156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       134156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       134156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       134156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1074856.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1074856.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1074856.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1074856.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1074856.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1074856.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12290753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12290753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12290753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12290753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12290753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12290753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1117341.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117341.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1117341.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117341.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1117341.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117341.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              109344394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             168222.144615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   133.377400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   122.622600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.521005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.478995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       104908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        77224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       182132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         182132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       182132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        182132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    255211488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    255211488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    255211488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255211488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    255211488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255211488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       105924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        77224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       183148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       183148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 251192.409449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 251192.409449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 251192.409449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 251192.409449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 251192.409449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 251192.409449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    106686401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106686401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    106686401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106686401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    106686401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106686401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 270777.667513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 270777.667513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 270777.667513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 270777.667513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 270777.667513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 270777.667513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              550.202095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              646509304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1166984.303249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.086295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.115800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151269453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             183134.930993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   151.260918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   104.739082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.590863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.409137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       187876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         219687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        219687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    996828633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    996828633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       937546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       937546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    997766179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    997766179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    997766179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    997766179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       189887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 495688.032322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495688.032322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85231.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85231.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217417221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217417221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217609521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217609521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217609521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217609521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 383451.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383451.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              502.542779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753291616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1497597.646123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.542779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        99772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        99772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          99772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        99772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         99772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13775392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13775392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13775392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13775392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13775392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13775392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        99787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        99787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        99787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        99787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        99787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 918359.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918359.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 918359.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 918359.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 918359.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 918359.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12680781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12680781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12680781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12680781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12680781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12680781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 975444.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975444.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 975444.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975444.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 975444.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975444.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125502269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             109993.224365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   183.612047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    72.387953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.717235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.282765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        75325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         135978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        135978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1240919127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1240919127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    376091088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    376091088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1617010215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1617010215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1617010215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1617010215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        77372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        61033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       138405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       138405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 606213.545188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 606213.545188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 989713.389474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 989713.389474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 666258.844252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 666258.844252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 666258.844252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 666258.844252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    513603156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513603156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47506456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47506456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    561109612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561109612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    561109612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561109612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 612161.091776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 612161.091776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1032749.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032749.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 634022.160452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 634022.160452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 634022.160452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 634022.160452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              565.976306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              768702527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1339203.008711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.206132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.770174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.038792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94437738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94437738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94437738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94437738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94437738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94437738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1967452.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1967452.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1967452.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1967452.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1967452.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1967452.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1229381                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 614690.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67198633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67198633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67198633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67198633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67198633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67198633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167697.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167697.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167697.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167697.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167697.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167697.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              289289527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             270364.043925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   110.589806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   145.410194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.431991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.568009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       304997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        304997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       166215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       471212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         471212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       471212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        471212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1435980618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1435980618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       768488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1436749106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1436749106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1436749106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1436749106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       307977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       307977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       166225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       166225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       474202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       474202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       474202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       474202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 481872.690604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481872.690604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76848.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76848.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 480518.095652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480518.095652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 480518.095652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480518.095652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360600228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360600228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360792528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360792528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360792528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360792528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 444636.532676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444636.532676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443234.063882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443234.063882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443234.063882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443234.063882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              502.548275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753291856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1497598.123260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.548275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       100012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        100012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       100012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         100012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       100012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        100012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14533504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14533504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14533504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14533504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14533504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14533504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       100026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       100026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       100026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       100026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       100026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1038107.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1038107.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1038107.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1038107.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1038107.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1038107.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13762561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13762561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13762561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13762561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13762561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13762561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1058658.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058658.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1058658.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058658.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1058658.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058658.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  897                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125502277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             108848.462272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   184.951967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    71.048033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.722469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.277531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        75297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        60690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         135987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        135987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          388                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          388                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1267730571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1267730571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    363184188                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    363184188                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1630914759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1630914759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1630914759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1630914759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        61078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       138490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       138490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.027321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.018074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.018074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 599399.797163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 599399.797163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 936041.721649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936041.721649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 651584.002797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 651584.002797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 651584.002797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 651584.002797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    520040551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520040551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     44629873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44629873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    564670424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    564670424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    564670424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    564670424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 611093.479436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611093.479436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 970214.630435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 970214.630435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 629509.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629509.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 629509.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629509.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              465.771688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753010750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1615902.896996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    10.771688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.017262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         134498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        134498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12356577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12356577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12356577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12356577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12356577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12356577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       134514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       134514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 772286.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 772286.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 772286.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 772286.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 772286.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 772286.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10469976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10469976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10469976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10469976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10469976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10469976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       951816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       951816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       951816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       951816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       951816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       951816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              109344890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             167964.500768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   133.597893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   122.402107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.521867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.478133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       105195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        77433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       182628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         182628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       182628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        182628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    245272587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245272587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    245272587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245272587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    245272587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245272587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       106215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        77433                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77433                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       183648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       183648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 240463.320588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240463.320588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 240463.320588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 240463.320588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 240463.320588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 240463.320588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    103302775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103302775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    103302775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103302775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    103302775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103302775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 261526.012658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261526.012658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 261526.012658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261526.012658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 261526.012658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261526.012658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              490.009751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749565508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1490189.876740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.009751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.024054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         131565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        131565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       131605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       131605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113243635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             168768.457526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   141.655780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   114.344220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.553343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.446657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        89404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        74351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         163755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        163755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    445632041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    445632041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1156692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    446788733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446788733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    446788733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446788733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        90720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        74365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       165085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       165085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338626.170973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338626.170973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82620.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82620.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129123534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129123534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129315834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129315834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129315834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129315834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 312647.782082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312647.782082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.601824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              646509385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1166984.449458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.486881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.114943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.040844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         125824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        125824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89149006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89149006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89149006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89149006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89149006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89149006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       125860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       125860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476361.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2476361.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65922936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65922936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65922936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65922936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65922936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65922936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2354390.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354390.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151269327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             183134.778450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   152.159001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   103.840999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.594371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.405629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       187750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       219561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         219561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       219561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        219561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    975534602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    975534602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       940642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    976475244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    976475244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    976475244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    976475244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       189737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       221559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       221559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 490958.531454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490958.531454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85512.909091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85512.909091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 488726.348348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488726.348348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 488726.348348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488726.348348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214383891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214383891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214576191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214576191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214576191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214576191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 378102.100529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378102.100529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 376449.457895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376449.457895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 376449.457895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376449.457895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              565.887394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              768701930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1339201.968641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.105117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.782276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         118598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        118598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93327237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93327237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93327237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93327237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93327237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93327237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       118644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       118644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028852.978261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2028852.978261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1218315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 609157.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66906636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66906636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66906636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66906636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66906636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66906636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2158278.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2158278.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              289285733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             272397.112053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   110.486097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   145.513903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.431586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.568414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       302481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       164937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       467418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         467418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       467418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        467418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1434994087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1434994087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       768138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1435762225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1435762225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1435762225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1435762225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       305432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       164947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       470379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       470379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       470379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 486273.834971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486273.834971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76813.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76813.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 484890.991219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 484890.991219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 484890.991219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 484890.991219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    365273181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365273181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    365465481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365465481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    365465481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365465481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454885.655044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454885.655044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453431.117866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453431.117866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453431.117866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453431.117866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              465.765397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753010568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1615902.506438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    10.765397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.017252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       134316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       134316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         134316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       134316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        134316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18998960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18998960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18998960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18998960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18998960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18998960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       134334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       134334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       134334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       134334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       134334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1055497.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1055497.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1055497.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1055497.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1055497.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1055497.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13534718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13534718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13534718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13534718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13534718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13534718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1230428.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1230428.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1230428.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1230428.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1230428.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1230428.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              109344658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             167964.144393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   133.271292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   122.728708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.520591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.479409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       105066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        77330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       182396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         182396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       182396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        182396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    245823963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245823963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    245823963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245823963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    245823963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245823963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       106086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        77330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       183416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       183416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241003.885294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 241003.885294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241003.885294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 241003.885294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241003.885294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 241003.885294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    103621358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103621358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    103621358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103621358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    103621358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103621358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 262332.551899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262332.551899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 262332.551899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262332.551899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 262332.551899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262332.551899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.627939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              646509370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1166984.422383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.512895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.115045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.040886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86627928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86627928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86627928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86627928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86627928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86627928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2406331.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2406331.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2406331.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2406331.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2406331.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2406331.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63323588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63323588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63323588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63323588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63323588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63323588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2261556.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2261556.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2261556.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2261556.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2261556.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2261556.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151269285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             183134.727603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   152.467759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   103.532241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.595577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.404423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       187708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       219519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         219519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       219519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        219519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    973989014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    973989014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       941447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       941447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    974930461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    974930461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    974930461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    974930461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       189697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       221519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       221519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 489687.789844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489687.789844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85586.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85586.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 487465.230500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 487465.230500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 487465.230500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 487465.230500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214566062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214566062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214758362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214758362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214758362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214758362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 378423.389771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378423.389771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 376769.056140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376769.056140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 376769.056140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376769.056140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              565.294706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              768702019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1341539.300175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.515424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.779281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.037685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         118687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        118687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92079617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92079617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92079617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92079617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92079617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92079617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       118731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       118731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2092718.568182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2092718.568182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2092718.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2092718.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2092718.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2092718.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1247365                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 623682.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66640981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66640981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66640981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66640981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66640981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66640981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2221366.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2221366.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2221366.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2221366.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2221366.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2221366.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              289286502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             270361.216822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   110.468573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   145.531427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.431518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.568482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       303030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        303030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       165156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       468186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         468186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       468186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        468186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1420197256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1420197256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       682474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       682474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1420879730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1420879730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1420879730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1420879730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       305945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165165                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165165                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       471110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       471110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       471110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       471110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 487203.175300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487203.175300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75830.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75830.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 485936.980164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485936.980164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 485936.980164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485936.980164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    364848786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364848786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    365041086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365041086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    365041086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365041086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 449875.198520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449875.198520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448453.422604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448453.422604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448453.422604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448453.422604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
