
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010176                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10175610231                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536362594995                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 302274                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   384175                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 191847                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53040.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16032713549                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20376754507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       138112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       174080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       369664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       388096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       364928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       358272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       229120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       231936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       174720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       246272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       244352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       178304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       177792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       147072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       389376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4064128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1148160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1148160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8970                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8970                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       503164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13572847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       503164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17107574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       490585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17510105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       452848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     36328436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       402531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     38139826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       465427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     35863009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       465427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35208896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       415110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     22516586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       440268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     22793326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       515743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17170469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       339636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24202185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       352215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24013498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       503164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17522684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       490585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17472367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       465427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     14453384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       452848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     38265617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               399398946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       503164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       503164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       490585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       452848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       402531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       465427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       465427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       415110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       440268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       515743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       339636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       352215                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       503164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       490585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       465427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       452848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7258140                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         112834511                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              112834511                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         112834511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       503164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13572847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       503164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17107574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       490585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17510105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       452848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     36328436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       402531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     38139826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       465427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     35863009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       465427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35208896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       415110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     22516586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       440268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     22793326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       515743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17170469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       339636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24202185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       352215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24013498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       503164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17522684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       490585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17472367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       465427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     14453384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       452848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     38265617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              512233456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2212226                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841790                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202719                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847244                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9456                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19235584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12131763                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2212226                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1045388                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2527880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        566222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       630011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196241                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     22755124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20227244     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         155079      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         194698      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         309590      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130390      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168743      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195089      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          90181      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1284110      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     22755124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090658                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19121857                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       754732                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2515918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336626                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14831576                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19141734                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         62288                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       637681                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54811                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14740835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38067                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20582235                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68543798                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68543798                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3394185                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3539                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1833                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          193961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383354                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721482                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8007                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14388993                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3555                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13794590                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13684                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1768857                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3610634                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22755124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16910898     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664750     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090017      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611155      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827047      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255405      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250603      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134482      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10767      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22755124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94339     78.75%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13111     10.94%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12351     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11620200     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188545      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265129      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719011      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13794590                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565307                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119801                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008685                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50477789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16161495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13431914                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13914391                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10096                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266012                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           91                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11261                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47622                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14392555                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383354                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721482                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1834                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5337                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           91                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118725                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115017                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233742                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13552080                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962745                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718911                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555369                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13432014                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13431914                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8048415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21619052                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550444                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2070252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204222                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22393766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17176525     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645193     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960289      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477632      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437181      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183313      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182033      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86598      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245002      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22393766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       245002                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36541294                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29146598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1646820                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.440194                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.440194                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.409804                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.409804                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60974270                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18767969                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13713357                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2013243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1647810                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198751                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822270                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790146                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207678                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9046                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19391985                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11258080                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2013243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       997824                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2348500                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        543261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       439262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1187986                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198775                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22521684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20173184     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         108900      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         173551      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         235071      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         241976      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         204572      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         115127      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         171048      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1098255      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22521684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461360                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19196620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       636586                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2344121                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2684                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       341672                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       330619                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13813283                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1568                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       341672                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19249091                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        130034                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       386481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2294966                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       119437                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13807539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        15980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        52187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19268763                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     64230197                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     64230197                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16681241                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2587511                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3401                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1761                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          361306                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293648                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       699541                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8150                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       222747                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13791047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13090188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1536076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3687218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          104                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22521684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16938981     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2330599     10.35%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1170368      5.20%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852986      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675514      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276154      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174524      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90539      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12019      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22521684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2710     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8029     36.96%     49.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10984     50.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11009361     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195409      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186551      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697228      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13090188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536440                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21723                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48725726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15330602                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12891094                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13111911                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209607                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9933                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       341672                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        103229                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13794488                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          595                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293648                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699541                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1762                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9842                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115515                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111865                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       227380                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12907394                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115815                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1812983                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1833656                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           697168                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.528949                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12891213                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12891094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7400907                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        19945935                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528281                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9724540                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11966489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1828005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       201017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22180012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17233271     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2470609     11.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916441      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437449      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390420      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212800      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171575      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84055      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263392      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22180012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9724540                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11966489                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1773642                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1084034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1725741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10781621                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       246493                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       263392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35711036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27930688                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                295709                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1880260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9724540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11966489                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9724540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.509316                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.509316                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398515                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398515                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       58091370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17958414                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12804395                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2015193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1648424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198047                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       824970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790820                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207658                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9019                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19392081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11267539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2015193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       998478                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2349988                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        541827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       441268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1187591                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198160                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22524550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20174562     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         108952      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         173322      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         235147      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         241578      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         205234      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         115512      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         170959      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1099284      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22524550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082583                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461748                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19197052                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       638233                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2345689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       340949                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       332033                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13824869                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1563                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       340949                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19249210                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        131893                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       386962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2296810                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       118723                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13819961                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        15653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        52011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19282425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     64288537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     64288537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16695687                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2586732                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3325                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1681                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          358942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293900                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       700823                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8042                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       222875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13802409                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13102473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1536949                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3683006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22524550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16937759     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2331166     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1170176      5.20%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855806      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675945      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       277004      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174020      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90775      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11899      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22524550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2675     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8044     37.05%     49.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10993     50.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11019478     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195483      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1641      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187368      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698503      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13102473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48753152                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15342753                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12903486                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13124185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26561                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       208951                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10616                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       340949                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        105401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11633                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13805775                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293900                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700823                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1683                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9862                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       226580                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12919690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1815157                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1835975                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           698438                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529453                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12903604                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12903486                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7406674                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19962630                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528789                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371027                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9732920                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11976789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1828995                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       200312                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22183601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17233084     77.68%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2472265     11.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916923      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437668      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391508      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212874      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171343      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84274      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263662      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22183601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9732920                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11976789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1775152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1084945                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1727221                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10790890                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       246698                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       263662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35725645                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27952539                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                295325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1877394                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9732920                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11976789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9732920                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.507156                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.507156                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398858                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398858                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       58145399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17972901                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12815897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1977473                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1616926                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195564                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       845758                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780172                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203273                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19214218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11217098                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1977473                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       983445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2350132                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        565615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       342653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1183245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196898                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22272832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       19922700     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         126922      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         200875      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         318430      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         133293      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         150606      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         158285      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         104483      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1157238      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22272832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081038                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19040481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       518236                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2342469                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         6119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       365525                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       324240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13697776                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1665                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       365525                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19068555                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        169657                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       266666                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2320972                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        81455                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13688844                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         2437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        23775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        30330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3617                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19003604                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     63672215                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     63672215                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16212221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2791383                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3472                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1903                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          247969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1307000                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       701869                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21187                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       159506                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13669023                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3483                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12937590                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1740607                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3861331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          320                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22272832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16817243     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2189152      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1197171      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       818243      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762351      3.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220386      0.99%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170069      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58117      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40100      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22272832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3094     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9349     38.52%     51.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11825     48.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10837406     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204142      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1196961      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697513      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12937590                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530187                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24268                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48188615                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15413270                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12727184                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12961858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38421                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237006                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          165                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       365525                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        116215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11826                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13672535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1307000                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701869                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1903                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8816                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          165                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113858                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111430                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       225288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12752058                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1822746                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1793919                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           697169                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522584                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12727414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12727184                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7441654                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19433075                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382938                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9522906                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11672578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1999994                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       199417                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21907307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17165441     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2296530     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895190      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481790      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360527      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201729      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124083      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111089      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       270928      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21907307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9522906                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11672578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1750345                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1069994                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1675423                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10517995                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       237150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       270928                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35308886                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27710705                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                311860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2129112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9522906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11672578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9522906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.562447                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.562447                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390252                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390252                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       57504994                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17644304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12775874                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1901593                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1715195                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       100957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       724572                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677009                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104773                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4444                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20160110                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11971845                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1901593                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       781782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2365535                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        316620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       450225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1158343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23189057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20823522     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          83900      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         172246      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          72381      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         392088      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         349893      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          67749      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         142338      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1084940      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23189057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077928                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.490610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20046595                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       565168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2356890                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7446                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       212953                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       167407                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          234                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14037180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1432                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       212953                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20067816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        396629                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       103683                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2344409                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        63562                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14029010                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        26511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        23313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          379                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16477737                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     66077326                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     66077326                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14603061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1874669                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1635                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          830                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          163001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3309262                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1674154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15411                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        81603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13999899                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1640                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13459825                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7027                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1082874                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2594154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23189057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18411616     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1425911      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1176476      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506836      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       644162      2.78%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       623569      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       355106      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27723      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17658      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23189057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34030     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265762     86.44%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7672      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8443335     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117734      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          805      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3227836     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1670115     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13459825                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.551588                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307464                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50423198                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15084760                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13344903                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13767289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127874                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10888                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1190                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       212953                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        361382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17125                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14001547                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3309262                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1674154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          830                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11619                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58066                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59824                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       117890                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13365846                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3217117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        93979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4887078                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1750795                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1669961                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.547737                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13345413                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13344903                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7207992                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14195605                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.546879                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10838897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12736967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1265776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       102947                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22976104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18359908     79.91%     79.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1682404      7.32%     87.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       790132      3.44%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       782221      3.40%     94.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       212186      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       910127      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67641      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49469      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       122016      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22976104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10838897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12736967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4844652                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3181386                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               810                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1681468                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11326517                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       123251                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       122016                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36856805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28218479                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                443336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1212887                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10838897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12736967                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10838897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.251331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.251331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.444182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.444182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       66077172                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      15500907                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      16715345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1620                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1978836                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618006                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       845342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203307                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8757                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19217629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11223572                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1978836                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       983854                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2351870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        566465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       343340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1183564                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22279320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       19927450     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         127385      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         200505      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         318305      1.43%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         133881      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         151278      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         158057      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         104052      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1158407      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22279320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459946                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19044455                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       518328                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2344313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6040                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       366182                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       324547                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13707932                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1637                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       366182                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19072389                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        167159                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       269041                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2322902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        81645                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13698976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         2480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        23628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        30302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4356                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19014166                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     63722311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     63722311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16217149                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2797017                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3487                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1919                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          246514                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1309014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       702284                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21112                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       159571                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13678864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3495                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12943335                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16512                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1747376                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3884468                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          332                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22279320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16823781     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2188017      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1197177      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817224      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763649      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220905      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       169953      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58459      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40155      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22279320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3074     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9656     39.25%     51.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11873     48.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10842303     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204181      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197588      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697695      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12943335                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530422                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24603                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001901                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48207105                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15429889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12732709                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12967938                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38731                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238700                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21737                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          837                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       366182                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        114300                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11807                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13682387                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1442                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1309014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       702284                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1915                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8790                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113416                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111947                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       225363                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12757605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125694                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1823017                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1794189                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           697323                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522811                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12732972                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12732709                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7443963                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19448738                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521791                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382748                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9525743                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11676093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2006318                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       199624                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21913138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17171583     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2295885     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895338      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481282      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360838      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201251      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124430      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110749      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271782      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21913138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9525743                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11676093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1750861                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1070314                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1675937                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10521143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       237219                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       271782                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35323702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27731040                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                312016                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2122624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9525743                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11676093                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9525743                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.561684                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.561684                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390368                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390368                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       57530047                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17651040                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12782541                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1978765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618439                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196245                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779992                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203214                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8757                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19221027                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11225739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1978765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       983206                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2351911                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        567762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       340130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1184268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197431                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22280348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19928437     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         127491      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         200531      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         318902      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         133495      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         150284      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         158432      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         104057      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1158719      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22280348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081090                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460035                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19046839                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       516185                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2344308                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6037                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       366977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       323984                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13707818                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       366977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19075392                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        166479                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       266694                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2322248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        82556                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13698791                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4419                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19015266                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63719515                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63719515                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16211926                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2803317                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1948                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          250063                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1308492                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       701845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21165                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       159827                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13678711                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3527                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12941764                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16444                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1750562                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3887084                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          363                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22280348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16823968     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2190141      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1196883      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816731      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763127      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220499      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170445      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58441      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40113      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22280348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3080     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9666     39.24%     51.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11887     48.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10841932     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204208      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1196703      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697353      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12941764                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530358                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24633                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001903                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48204949                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15432957                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12730511                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12966397                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38641                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21502                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          840                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       366977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        114703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13682260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1308492                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9005                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113715                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112665                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       226380                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12755529                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186231                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1822570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1793917                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           696977                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522726                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12730735                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12730511                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7445633                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19449196                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521701                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9522731                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11672364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2009937                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       200117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21913371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17171798     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2296902     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894822      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481974      2.20%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359715      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201353      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124699      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110787      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271321      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21913371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9522731                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11672364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1750315                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1069972                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1675386                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10517811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       237148                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       271321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35324286                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27731632                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                312603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2121596                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9522731                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11672364                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9522731                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.562494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.562494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390245                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390245                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       57520920                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17649580                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12784214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3162                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1983000                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1626190                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196779                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       833642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         775009                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203939                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19011155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11278277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1983000                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       978948                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2481079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        555907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       598235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1172047                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195324                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22446479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       19965400     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         268166      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         311804      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         171614      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         196067      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         108602      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          74821      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         191443      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1158562      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22446479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081264                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462188                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18854168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       758444                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2459916                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19995                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       353954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       321490                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2056                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13766096                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        10617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       353954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18884489                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        234201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       439856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2450741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        83236                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13757799                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        19889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19128073                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     64064073                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     64064073                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16342170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2785856                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1973                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          225582                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1313739                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       715563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18183                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       157264                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13736450                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12989743                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17072                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1700271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3927528                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          366                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22446479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16970884     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2204935      9.82%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1184486      5.28%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816550      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715357      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364021      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89902      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57511      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42833      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22446479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3243     11.64%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11792     42.32%     53.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12827     46.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10873991     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202865      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1592      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1201370      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709925      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12989743                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532324                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27862                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002145                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48470898                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15440433                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12772083                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13017605                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32501                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230515                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           78                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14662                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       353954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        190165                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12998                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13740048                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1313739                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       715563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9246                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114134                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109801                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       223935                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12794615                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1127761                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1837462                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1790556                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           709701                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524328                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12772375                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12772083                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7592317                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        19877205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381961                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9597676                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11775491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1964717                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3209                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       197748                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22092525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17281382     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2230953     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935143      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       560974      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389737      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251816      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130908      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105042      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206570      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22092525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9597676                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11775491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1784122                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1083221                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1685370                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10616078                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       239621                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       206570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           35626098                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27834417                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                292893                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1955465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9597676                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11775491                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9597676                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.542485                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.542485                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393316                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393316                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       57726818                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      17729972                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12850318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1986738                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628419                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196310                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         775181                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19003423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11293055                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1986738                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       979505                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2482532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        556166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       589193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1171456                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194730                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22431891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19949359     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         268242      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         309382      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         171063      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         197209      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         109276      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          74546      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         193218      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1159596      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22431891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081417                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18847577                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       748361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2461903                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       354672                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       322871                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2071                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13785940                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        10792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       354672                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18877376                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        243480                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       421341                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2452621                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        82399                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13776816                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        20522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        38827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19147135                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     64147941                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     64147941                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16350820                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2796315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3675                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2074                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          223827                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1317967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       717599                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18420                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       158781                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13756274                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3676                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13005700                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18495                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1711933                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3956483                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          461                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22431891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16951793     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2204281      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1185548      5.29%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       818462      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       716148      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       366410      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89149      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57399      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42701      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22431891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3300     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12267     43.34%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12738     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10884621     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203033      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1593      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1204757      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711696      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13005700                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532978                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28305                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002176                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48490091                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15472019                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12786990                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13034005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32918                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       234157                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16302                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          797                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       354672                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        197904                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13177                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13759974                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1683                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1317967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       717599                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2070                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9315                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113767                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109967                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       223734                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12811299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1130437                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194401                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1841923                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1793239                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           711486                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.525011                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12787276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12786990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7598826                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19898960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.524015                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381871                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9602857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11781756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1978401                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3215                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       197260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22077219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17264102     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2231931     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935871      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       561000      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389282      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251876      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130838      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105005      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       207314      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22077219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9602857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11781756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1785107                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1083810                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1604                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1686221                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10621760                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       239743                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       207314                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35629997                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27875002                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                292778                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1970053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9602857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11781756                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9602857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.541113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.541113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393528                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393528                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       57794240                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17746289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12867667                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3212                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2014218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1647776                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198717                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       823716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207784                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19393196                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11265269                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2014218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       998342                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2349574                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        543901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       439600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1188167                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22524996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20175422     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         109021      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         173025      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         235298      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         241391      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         204827      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         115896      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         171265      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1098851      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22524996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461655                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19198133                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       636690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2345139                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2688                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       342345                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       331626                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13822605                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1563                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       342345                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19250555                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        129817                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       387070                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2296061                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       119145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13817020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        15891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        52105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19277931                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     64277219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     64277219                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16679759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2598152                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3422                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1782                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          360079                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1294430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       700187                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       221488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13799974                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3433                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13096185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1545293                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3703379                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22524996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16942882     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2328599     10.34%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1169427      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854123      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676050      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276644      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174276      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90673      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12322      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22524996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2431     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8035     36.64%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11464     52.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11014474     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195300      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186978      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697794      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13096185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.536686                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21930                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48741224                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15348770                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12896805                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13118115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26275                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       210535                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10662                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       342345                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        103281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11546                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13803434                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1294430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700187                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1782                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115004                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       226936                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12913205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116137                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1813873                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1834269                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           697736                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529188                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12896924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12896805                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7402763                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19956149                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.528515                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.370951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9723606                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11965318                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1838127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       200980                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22182651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17237836     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2468422     11.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916183      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437334      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391061      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212985      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171633      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84015      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263182      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22182651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9723606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11965318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1773417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1083892                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1725561                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10780544                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       246456                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       263182                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35722836                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27949266                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                295654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1876948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9723606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11965318                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9723606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.509557                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.509557                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.398477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.398477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       58117232                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17963475                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12812378                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1848949                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1654535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147908                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1235301                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1218852                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107920                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4426                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19600016                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10512470                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1848949                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1326772                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2341997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        489027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       286944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1186547                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144838                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22569277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20227280     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         361014      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         176497      0.78%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         357215      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         109855      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         331942      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          51138      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          82937      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         871399      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22569277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430805                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19363333                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       528443                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2337180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1894                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       338423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       170769                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1897                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11722010                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4527                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       338423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19390200                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        320935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       126300                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2312076                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        81339                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11703895                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        65254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15300092                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     52984752                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     52984752                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12359617                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2940465                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          175942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2144247                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       334789                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2214                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        75972                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11641990                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1530                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10885985                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7093                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2136479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4391879                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22569277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17793792     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490250      6.60%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1615003      7.16%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       932988      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473118      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119403      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138586      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3334      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2803      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22569277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17871     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7331     23.47%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6031     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8513631     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        83026      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1957010     17.98%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331564      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10885985                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.446111                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31233                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44379573                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13780029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10607678                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10917218                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8652                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       441477                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9274                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       338423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        215489                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10070                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11643526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2144247                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334789                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          211                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57243                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       156668                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10750983                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1930013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2261540                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1637052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           331527                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.440579                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10610519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10607678                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6424856                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13858391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.434706                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463608                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8456249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9491046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2152932                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       146787                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22230854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18712725     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1370956      6.17%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       892046      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278952      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       469034      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89752      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56679      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51508      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       309202      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22230854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8456249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9491046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2028284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1702769                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1459032                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8285456                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       115896                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       309202                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33565604                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          23626670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                440783                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1832667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8456249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9491046                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8456249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.885670                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.885670                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346540                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346540                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       50023334                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      13789353                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12503345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1849143                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1655084                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1237553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1218515                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         108063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4379                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19601811                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10514896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1849143                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1326578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2343377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        490085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       283446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1186945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145091                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22569753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.760244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20226376     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         361376      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         176756      0.78%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         357353      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         110273      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         331727      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          51194      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          82556      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         872142      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22569753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19368149                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       521939                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2338578                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       339219                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       170304                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1901                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     11727387                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4548                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       339219                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19394811                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        314462                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       127189                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2313547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        80521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     11709284                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        64399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15306601                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     53016359                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     53016359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12359179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2947406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1524                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          771                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          174779                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2146937                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       335154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2302                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        75944                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11647966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1528                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        10888043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7011                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2142314                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4415029                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22569753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17795763     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488063      6.59%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1614159      7.15%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       933643      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473511      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       120001      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138438      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3344      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2831      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22569753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17741     57.06%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7349     23.64%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6001     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8515309     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        83040      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1957198     17.98%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331742      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     10888043                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.446196                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31091                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44383941                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13791837                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10608495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10919134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8848                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       444275                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9639                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       339219                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        210959                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9880                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11649502                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2146937                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       335154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4018                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          213                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99190                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57748                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       156938                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10752302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1930347                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2262048                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1636883                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           331701                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.440633                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10611426                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10608495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6426666                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13866672                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.434740                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463461                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8455880                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9490677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2159285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       147045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22230534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18713001     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1370254      6.16%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891928      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       279329      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       469060      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89419      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56847      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51405      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       309291      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22230534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8455880                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9490677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2028174                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1702659                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1458973                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8285146                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       115896                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       309291                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33571179                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          23639428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                441167                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1832191                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8455880                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9490677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8455880                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.885796                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.885796                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.346525                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.346525                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       50030032                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      13790262                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12505774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2012190                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1646110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198553                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       824316                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207709                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9037                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19393962                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11251461                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2012190                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       998338                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2347762                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        541082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       441691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1187827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198625                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22523366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20175604     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         108666      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         173636      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         235890      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         241316      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         204931      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         115190      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         171008      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1097125      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22523366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082460                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461089                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19199599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       638026                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2343322                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2733                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       339685                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       331250                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          268                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13805959                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1556                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       339685                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19251627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        131025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       387674                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2294692                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       118660                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13800350                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        15976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        51865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19257417                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     64199610                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     64199610                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16689099                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2568188                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1782                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          357974                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1292576                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       699903                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       223386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13783621                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3435                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13091985                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1947                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1520779                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3643225                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22523366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16939013     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2331147     10.35%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1170598      5.20%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854439      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675373      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276319      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174027      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90524      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11926      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22523366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2683     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8043     37.05%     49.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10983     50.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11010894     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195366      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186575      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697510      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13091985                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536514                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21709                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48730992                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15307903                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12893841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13113694                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26536                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       208063                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9971                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       339685                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        104400                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11550                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13787082                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1292576                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699903                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1781                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9787                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115196                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111616                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       226812                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12910038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116575                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       181947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1814029                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1834802                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           697454                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529058                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12893966                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12893841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7401553                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        19944353                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.528394                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9729072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11972000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1815010                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       200818                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22183681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17234448     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2471977     11.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916835      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437637      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390768      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212962      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171370      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84132      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263552      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22183681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9729072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11972000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1774424                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1084503                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1726505                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10786579                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       246590                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       263552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35707061                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27913822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                295607                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1878578                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9729072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11972000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9729072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.508147                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.508147                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       58103217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17960188                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12798810                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2013386                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1647098                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198617                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822348                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790623                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19388071                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11259903                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2013386                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       997998                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2348213                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        543279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       441194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1187690                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198691                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22519564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20171351     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         108745      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         173074      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         234983      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         241955      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         205049      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         114487      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         171629      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1098291      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22519564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082509                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461435                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19193197                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       638068                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2343732                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       341820                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       331490                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13814565                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1564                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       341820                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19245737                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        130532                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       387366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2294533                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       119573                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13808759                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        16016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        52244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19266457                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     64235923                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     64235923                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16675640                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2590811                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3416                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1776                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          361386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1292765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       700015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8180                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       224910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13791936                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3428                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13089749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1540561                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3690298                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22519564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16936163     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2331011     10.35%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1170858      5.20%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853480      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       674969      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276141      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174494      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90547      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11901      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22519564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2687     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8030     37.00%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10988     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11009106     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195481      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185811      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697712      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13089749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536422                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21705                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48722710                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15335994                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12891419                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13111454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209128                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10649                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       341820                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        103795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13795392                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1292765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9817                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115016                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111968                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       226984                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12907728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115844                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1813490                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1834031                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           697646                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528963                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12891526                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12891419                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7400495                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19944695                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528295                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371051                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9721231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11962385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1833020                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       200881                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22177744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17231793     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2470937     11.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915220      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437582      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391031      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213110      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       170815      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84350      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       262906      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22177744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9721231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11962385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1772999                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1083633                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1725146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10777906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       246399                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       262906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35710165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27932655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                295471                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1882380                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9721231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11962385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9721231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.510170                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.510170                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       58092103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17954904                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12806795                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2211359                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841446                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202579                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808508                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9498                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19223898                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12127056                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2211359                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1046280                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2527935                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        565691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       639733                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1195640                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193692                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22752829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20224894     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         154553      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         195570      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         310432      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         130582      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         168394      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         195306      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          89666      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1283432      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22752829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.496971                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19110678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       764032                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2515857                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       360979                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       336120                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14826075                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       360979                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19130458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         62483                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       646907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2497251                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        54747                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14734572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         7965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        37990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20575703                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     68517965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     68517965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17182092                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3393597                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3546                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1841                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          192860                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       720880                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8181                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       164367                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14381757                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3561                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13786461                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13790                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1768503                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3614359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22752829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16911537     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2663928     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088934      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610992      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826695      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255328      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250314      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134423      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10678      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22752829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94504     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13019     10.86%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12342     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11613066     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188461      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1704      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264804      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718426      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13786461                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.564974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119865                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50459404                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16153903                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13424712                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13906326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10264                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265827                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           85                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10907                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       360979                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         47580                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14385324                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720880                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5368                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           85                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114138                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233635                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13544702                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1961651                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1914970                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           718302                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.555067                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13424812                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13424712                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8044397                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        21610307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.550149                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9996532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12318140                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2067233                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       204089                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22391850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17176172     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2643976     11.81%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960287      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477894      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436819      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183487      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182004      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86515      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244696      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22391850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9996532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12318140                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1826931                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1116958                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1785352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11090454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       254374                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       244696                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36532449                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29131748                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                294116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1649115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9996532                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12318140                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9996532                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.441041                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.441041                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.409661                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.409661                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60943080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18757931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13707805                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               24401944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1901535                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1715339                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       736145                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         678362                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104851                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4473                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20153973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11968900                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1901535                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       783213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2366066                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        317735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       447933                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1158471                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101666                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23181993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20815927     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          84696      0.37%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         172481      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          72057      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         393168      1.70%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         349478      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          67725      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         141554      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1084907      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23181993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077926                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.490490                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20042386                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       560918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2357480                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7420                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       213784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       167199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          237                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14034050                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1436                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       213784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20062737                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        395620                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       102291                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2345815                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        61741                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14026052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        26287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        22526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          365                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16471529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     66065775                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     66065775                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14594714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1876803                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1633                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          829                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          158195                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3309118                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1673501                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15061                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        81559                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13996945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1637                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13456730                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7145                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1086449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2597249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23181993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18405379     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1425442      6.15%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1176296      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       507085      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       644161      2.78%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       624031      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354132      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27886      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17581      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23181993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34076     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265781     86.42%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7671      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8441513     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117737      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3227150     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1669526     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13456730                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.551461                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307528                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50410126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15085379                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13340921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13764258                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24635                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128815                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10838                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1192                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       213784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        360495                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17169                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13998594                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3309118                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1673501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          829                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11708                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       118599                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13362138                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3216374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            4885733                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1749904                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1669359                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.547585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13341414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13340921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7207386                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14197288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.546715                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507659                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10833362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12730502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1269263                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       103226                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22968209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18354491     79.91%     79.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1681092      7.32%     87.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789724      3.44%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       782216      3.41%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211818      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       910076      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67604      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49466      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121722      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22968209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10833362                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12730502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              4842959                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3180296                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1680610                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11320748                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       123178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       121722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36846226                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28213353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                443481                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1219951                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10833362                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12730502                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10833362                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.252481                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.252481                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443955                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443955                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       66060760                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15494861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      16710843                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          31763                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.183020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1235341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          64514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.148417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           260.483474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    29.447804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   470.191201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.514155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   590.052968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.291885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   598.940944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.056202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1167.136997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.475365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1301.970431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.076543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1158.621985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.854595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1145.942391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.775831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   749.346319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.113861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   744.566698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.919310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   595.362333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.251176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   886.884344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.362692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   884.980980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.990905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   599.239636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.525961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   598.039924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.642796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   503.291298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.004675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1298.046520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           850.287603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           976.620182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           960.626870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1401.585777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1449.205546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1397.116057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1445.990633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1295.099141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1316.363557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           960.529262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1378.281684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1375.402708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           932.056714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           939.200917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           763.996381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1396.417793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.014349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.018007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.018278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.035618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.039733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.034971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.022868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.022722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.018169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.027066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.027007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.018287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.018251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.015359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.039613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.025949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.029804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.029316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.042773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.044226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.042637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.044128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.039523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.040172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.029313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.042062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.041974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.028444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.028662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.023315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.042615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   53267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   220                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    53487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2541                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4739                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4164                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4720                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   53487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 31747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  31751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1392                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3032                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1909                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 31751                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6090660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    164100992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6232029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    205622465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6318761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    210400770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5474122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    437027753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4839560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    461184301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5597217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    430512828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5588221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    421256113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5156520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    269108385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5310427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    272323926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6339527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    205568545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3934834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289450928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4197458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    286428922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6316181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    210758154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6206294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210288366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5607822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    174108733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5560955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    461829992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4798741761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       293648                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       284911                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        578559                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6090660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    164100992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6232029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    205622465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6318761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    210400770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5474122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    437027753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4839560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    461184301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5597217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    430512828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5588221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    421256113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5156520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    269402033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5310427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    272608837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6339527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    205568545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3934834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289450928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4197458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    286428922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6316181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    210758154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6206294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210288366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5607822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    174108733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5560955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    461829992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4799320320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6090660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    164100992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6232029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    205622465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6318761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    210400770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5474122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    437027753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4839560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    461184301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5597217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    430512828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5588221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    421256113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5156520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    269402033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5310427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    272608837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6339527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    205568545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3934834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289450928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4197458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    286428922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6316181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    210758154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6206294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210288366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5607822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    174108733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5560955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    461829992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4799320320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               85014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               224                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                85238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               85238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.414764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.390470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.341678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.358174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.317579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.392212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.373433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.017857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.297000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.413872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.390169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.391909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.372498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.297000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.413872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.390169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.391909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.372498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152266.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152086.183503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155800.725000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151192.988971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162019.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151149.978448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152058.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151325.399238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151236.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152105.640172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151276.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151004.148720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       151033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150502.362630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156258.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150508.045302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151726.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150455.207735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154622.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150599.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145734.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150442.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149909.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150041.342064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157904.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151298.028715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159135.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151395.511879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151562.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151530.664056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154470.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151817.880342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151155.755221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       146824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 142455.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144639.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152266.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152086.183503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155800.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151192.988971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162019.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151149.978448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152058.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151325.399238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151236.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152105.640172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151276.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151004.148720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       151033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150502.362630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156258.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150503.929050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151726.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150446.378035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154622.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150599.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145734.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150442.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149909.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150041.342064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157904.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151298.028715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159135.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151395.511879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151562.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151530.664056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154470.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151817.880342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151154.934333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152266.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152086.183503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155800.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151192.988971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162019.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151149.978448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152058.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151325.399238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151236.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152105.640172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151276.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151004.148720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       151033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150502.362630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156258.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150503.929050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151726.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150446.378035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154622.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150599.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145734.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150442.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149909.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150041.342064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157904.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151298.028715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159135.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151395.511879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151562.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151530.664056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154470.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151817.880342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151154.934333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8970                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8970                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            31747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             31751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            31751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3764488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    101266056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3908884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    126403511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4052907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    129345465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3375929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    268880152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2975727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    284664973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3445442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    264505367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3432994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    258317782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3235628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    164962314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3275411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166893812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3954052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    126095394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2364919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    177356867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2569070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    175221019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3993711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    129656874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3942562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129414303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3453739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    107193366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3468152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284742725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2950133595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       177230                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       168311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       345541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3764488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    101266056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3908884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    126403511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4052907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    129345465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3375929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    268880152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2975727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    284664973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3445442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    264505367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3432994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    258317782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3235628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    165139544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3275411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    167062123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3954052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    126095394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2364919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    177356867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2569070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    175221019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3993711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    129656874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3942562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129414303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3453739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    107193366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3468152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284742725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2950479136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3764488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    101266056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3908884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    126403511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4052907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    129345465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3375929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    268880152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2975727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    284664973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3445442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    264505367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3432994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    258317782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3235628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    165139544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3275411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    167062123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3954052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    126095394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2364919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    177356867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2569070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    175221019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3993711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    129656874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3942562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129414303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3453739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    107193366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3468152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284742725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2950479136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.414764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.390470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.341678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.358174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.317579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.392212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.297000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.413872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.390169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.391909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.372498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.297000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.413872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.390169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.391909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.372498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94112.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93851.766450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97722.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92943.758088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103920.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92920.592672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93775.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93102.545706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92991.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93886.864446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93120.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92776.347597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92783.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92289.311183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98049.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92260.802013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93583.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92206.525967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96440.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92377.578022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 87589.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92181.323805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91752.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91786.809324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99842.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93077.440057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101091.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93170.844492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93344.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93292.746736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96337.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93603.788626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92926.373988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        88615                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84155.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86385.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94112.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93851.766450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97722.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92943.758088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103920.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92920.592672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93775.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93102.545706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92991.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93886.864446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93120.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92776.347597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92783.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92289.311183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98049.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92256.728492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93583.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92197.639625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96440.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92377.578022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 87589.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92181.323805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91752.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91786.809324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99842.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93077.440057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101091.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93170.844492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93344.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93292.746736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96337.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93603.788626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92925.549935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94112.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93851.766450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97722.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92943.758088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103920.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92920.592672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93775.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93102.545706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92991.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93886.864446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93120.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92776.347597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92783.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92289.311183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98049.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92256.728492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93583.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92197.639625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96440.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92377.578022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 87589.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92181.323805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91752.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91786.809324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99842.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93077.440057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101091.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93170.844492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93344.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93292.746736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96337.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93603.788626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92925.549935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              491.441459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2014495.543260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.441459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8621599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8621599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8621599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8621599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8621599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8621599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153957.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153957.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153957.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153957.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153957.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153957.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6692712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6692712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6692712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6692712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6692712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6692712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159350.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159350.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159350.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159350.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159350.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159350.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3633                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38166.510671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.278407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.721593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    971656308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    971656308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7312468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7312468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    978968776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    978968776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    978968776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    978968776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       962248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105009.867935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105009.867935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78628.688172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78628.688172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104747.354590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104747.354590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104747.354590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104747.354590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3240                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         3240                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    345528934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345528934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1268741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1268741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    346797675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346797675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    346797675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346797675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95555.568031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95555.568031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 74631.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74631.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95457.658960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95457.658960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95457.658960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95457.658960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              511.396583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              998100405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1926834.758687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    36.396583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.058328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1187934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1187934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1187934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1187934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1187934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10934091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10934091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10934091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10934091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10934091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10934091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1187986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1187986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1187986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 210270.980769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210270.980769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 210270.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210270.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 210270.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210270.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9332608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9332608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9332608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9332608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9332608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9332608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 217037.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217037.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 217037.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217037.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 217037.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217037.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              152131735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36596.520327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   223.082937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    32.917063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.871418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.128582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       816419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       686327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1502746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1502746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        12576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        12576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1493448308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1493448308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8790993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8790993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1502239301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1502239301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1502239301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1502239301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       828895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       686427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1515322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1515322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119705.699583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119705.699583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87909.930000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87909.930000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119452.870627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119452.870627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119452.870627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119452.870627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    391063285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391063285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1235083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1235083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    392298368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    392298368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    392298368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    392298368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100685.706746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100685.706746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 72651.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72651.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100563.539605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100563.539605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100563.539605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100563.539605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              511.980364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              998100010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1930560.947776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.980364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.059263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1187539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1187539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1187539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1187539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1187539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11206471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11206471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11206471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11206471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11206471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11206471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1187591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1187591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1187591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 215509.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215509.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 215509.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 215509.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 215509.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 215509.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9458482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9458482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9458482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9458482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9458482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9458482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 225201.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225201.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 225201.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225201.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 225201.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225201.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              152133050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36579.237798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.095544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.904456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.871467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.128533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       817225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       686916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1504141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1504141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        12572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        12572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1501221399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1501221399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9138455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9138455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1510359854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1510359854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1510359854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1510359854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       829689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       687024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       687024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1516713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1516713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120444.592346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120444.592346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84615.324074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84615.324074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120136.800350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120136.800350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120136.800350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120136.800350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    393583214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393583214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1260521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1260521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    394843735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    394843735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    394843735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    394843735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101308.420592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101308.420592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 70028.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70028.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101164.164745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101164.164745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101164.164745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101164.164745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.446830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1003850878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1904840.375712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.446830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.045588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1183197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1183197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1183197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1183197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1183197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1183197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7582494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7582494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7582494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7582494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7582494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7582494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1183245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1183245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1183245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157968.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157968.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157968.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157968.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157968.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157968.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5961422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5961422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5961422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5961422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5961422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5961422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161119.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161119.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161119.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161119.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161119.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161119.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 6978                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166885393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             23069.587089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   227.603998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    28.396002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.889078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.110922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       819480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       677068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1496548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1496548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        18018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        18018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2133658088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2133658088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7422506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7422506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2141080594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2141080594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2141080594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2141080594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       837408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       677158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1514566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1514566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119012.610888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119012.610888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82472.288889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82472.288889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118830.091797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118830.091797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118830.091797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118830.091797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        11040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        11040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    743510041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743510041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1013085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1013085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    744523126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    744523126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    744523126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744523126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106780.129398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106780.129398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        67539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106695.776154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106695.776154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106695.776154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106695.776154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              566.118799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1028873621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1786238.925347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.758814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.359985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.038075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.869167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1158300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1158300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1158300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1158300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1158300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6800126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6800126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6800126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6800126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6800126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6800126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1158343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1158343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1158343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158142.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158142.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158142.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158142.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158142.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158142.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5389948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5389948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5389948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5389948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5389948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5389948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163331.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163331.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163331.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163331.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163331.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163331.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              405434050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             50508.789087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.075282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.924718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3035632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3035632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1661606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1661606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          810                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          810                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4697238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4697238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4697238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4697238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        27486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        27486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3154539126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3154539126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1520744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1520744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3156059870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3156059870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3156059870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3156059870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3063098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3063098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1661626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1661626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          810                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          810                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4724724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4724724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4724724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4724724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114852.513144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114852.513144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 76037.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76037.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114824.269446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114824.269446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114824.269446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114824.269446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    823530748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    823530748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    823915348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    823915348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    823915348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    823915348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106056.760850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106056.760850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106024.365976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106024.365976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106024.365976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106024.365976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.470359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1003851196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1901233.325758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.470359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.045626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1183515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1183515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1183515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1183515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1183515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1183515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7796985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7796985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7796985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7796985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7796985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7796985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1183564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1183564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1183564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159122.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159122.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159122.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159122.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159122.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159122.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6164976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6164976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6164976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6164976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6164976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6164976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162236.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162236.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162236.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162236.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162236.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162236.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              166885363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             23159.223286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.586159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.413841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.889008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.110992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       819237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       677277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1496514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1496514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        17955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        17955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2111362416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2111362416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6567592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6567592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2117930008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2117930008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2117930008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2117930008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       837115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       677354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1514469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1514469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118098.356416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118098.356416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85293.402597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85293.402597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117957.672403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117957.672403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117957.672403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117957.672403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    736212588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    736212588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       958681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       958681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    737171269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    737171269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    737171269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    737171269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106143.683391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106143.683391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 68477.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68477.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106067.808489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106067.808489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106067.808489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106067.808489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.058037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1003851899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1901234.657197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.058037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.044965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1184218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1184218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1184218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1184218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1184218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1184218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8285769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8285769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8285769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8285769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8285769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8285769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1184268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1184268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1184268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1184268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1184268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1184268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165715.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165715.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165715.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165715.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165715.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165715.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6505404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6505404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6505404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6505404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6505404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6505404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171194.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171194.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171194.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171194.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171194.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171194.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6963                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              166885277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             23117.506164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.157929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.842071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       819328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       677058                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677058                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1496386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1496386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2103258660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2103258660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7788457                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7788457                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2111047117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2111047117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2111047117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2111047117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       837176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       677149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1514325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1514325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117842.820484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117842.820484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85587.439560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85587.439560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117679.197112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117679.197112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117679.197112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117679.197112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    731947051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    731947051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1038437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1038437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    732985488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    732985488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    732985488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    732985488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105346.437968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105346.437968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69229.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69229.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105268.632486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105268.632486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105268.632486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105268.632486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              511.357041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              999391751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1936805.718992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.357041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1172006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1172006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1172006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1172006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1172006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1172006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6663718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6663718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6663718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6663718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6663718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6663718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1172047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1172047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1172047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1172047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1172047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1172047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162529.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162529.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162529.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162529.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162529.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162529.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5663293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5663293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5663293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166567.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166567.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166567.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166567.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166567.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166567.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5250                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158030452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             28701.498729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.612863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.387137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.873488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.126512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       823793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       697053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1626                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1520846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1520846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1520846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1520846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2224686743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2224686743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48321546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48321546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2273008289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2273008289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2273008289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2273008289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       841784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       697474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1626                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1539258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1539258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1539258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1539258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123655.535712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123655.535712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114778.019002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114778.019002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123452.546654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123452.546654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123452.546654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123452.546654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13162                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13162                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    519816653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    519816653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1309199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1309199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    521125852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    521125852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    521125852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    521125852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99334.349895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99334.349895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 77011.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77011.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99262.067048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99262.067048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99262.067048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99262.067048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              511.998228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              999391159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1929326.561776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.998228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.048074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1171414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1171414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1171414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1171414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1171414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1171414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6828517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6828517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6828517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6828517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6828517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6828517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1171456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1171456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1171456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1171456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1171456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1171456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162583.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162583.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162583.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162583.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162583.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162583.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5939157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5939157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5939157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5939157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5939157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5939157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164976.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164976.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164976.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164976.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164976.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164976.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              158032900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             28613.597682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.726205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.273795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.873930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.126070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       825739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        825739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       697442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1735                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1735                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1523181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1523181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1523181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1523181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2234507153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2234507153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48807228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48807228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2283314381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2283314381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2283314381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2283314381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       843820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       697865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1541685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1541685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123583.162049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123583.162049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115383.517730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115383.517730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123395.718818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123395.718818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123395.718818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123395.718818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    522615529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    522615529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1293948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    523909477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    523909477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    523909477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    523909477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99545.815048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99545.815048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 76114.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76114.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99470.187393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99470.187393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99470.187393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99470.187393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              511.015972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              998100585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1923122.514451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    36.015972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1188114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1188114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1188114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1188114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1188114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1188114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10929010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10929010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10929010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10929010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10929010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10929010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1188167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1188167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1188167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1188167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1188167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1188167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206207.735849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 206207.735849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206207.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206207.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206207.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206207.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9352115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9352115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9352115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9352115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9352115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9352115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 212548.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212548.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 212548.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212548.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 212548.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212548.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              152132328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             36623.092922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   223.081888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    32.918112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.871414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.128586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       817079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       686240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1503319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1503319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1503319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1503319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        12555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        12555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1478063326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1478063326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8844636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8844636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1486907962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1486907962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1486907962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1486907962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       829529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       686345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118719.945863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118719.945863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84234.628571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84234.628571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118431.538192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118431.538192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118431.538192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118431.538192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    389688805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389688805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1271818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1271818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    390960623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    390960623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    390960623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    390960623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100435.259021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100435.259021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 70656.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70656.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100297.748332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100297.748332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100297.748332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100297.748332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.551766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              917913958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1653899.023423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.373629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.178137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.039060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1186513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1186513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1186513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1186513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1186513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5125357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5125357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5125357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5125357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5125357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5125357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1186547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1186547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1186547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150745.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150745.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150745.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150745.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150745.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150745.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4283648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4283648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4283648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4283648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4283648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4283648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152987.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152987.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152987.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152987.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152987.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152987.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5454                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              204771550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35861.917688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   190.292330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    65.707670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.743329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.256671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1767730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1767730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       323954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2091684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2091684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2091684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2091684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2027363625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2027363625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2700398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2700398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2030064023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2030064023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2030064023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2030064023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1786603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1786603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       323984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2110587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2110587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2110587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2110587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107421.375775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107421.375775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90013.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90013.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107393.748241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107393.748241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107393.748241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107393.748241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13449                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13449                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    547754138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    547754138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       405074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    548159212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    548159212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    548159212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    548159212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100542.242658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100542.242658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67512.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67512.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100505.906124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100505.906124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100505.906124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100505.906124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.974297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              917914353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1650925.095324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.796463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.177835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.039738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1186908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1186908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1186908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1186908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1186908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5583716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5583716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5583716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5583716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5583716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5583716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1186945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1186945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1186945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150911.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150911.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150911.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150911.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150911.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150911.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4584582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4584582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4584582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4584582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4584582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4584582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158089.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158089.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158089.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158089.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158089.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158089.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5466                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              204771727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35786.740126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   190.218518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    65.781482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.743041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.256959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1767908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1767908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       323954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2091862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2091862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2091862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2091862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2009668465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2009668465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2708382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2708382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2012376847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2012376847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2012376847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2012376847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1786649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1786649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       323984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2110633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2110633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2110633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2110633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107233.790353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107233.790353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90279.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90279.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107206.693676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107206.693676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107206.693676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107206.693676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          610                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             610                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    544860283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544860283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       436569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       436569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    545296852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    545296852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    545296852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    545296852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99791.260623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99791.260623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72761.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72761.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99761.590194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99761.590194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99761.590194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99761.590194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              512.374313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              998100244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1926834.447876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.374313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.059895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1187773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1187773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1187773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1187773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1187773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11687427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11687427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11687427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11687427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11687427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11687427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1187827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1187827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1187827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 216433.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216433.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 216433.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216433.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 216433.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216433.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9097507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9097507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9097507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9097507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9097507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9097507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 211569.930233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211569.930233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 211569.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211569.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 211569.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211569.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3906                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              152132683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36552.783037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   223.101277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    32.898723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.871489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.128511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       817044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       686630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1503674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1503674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1503674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1503674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        12641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        12641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1499183074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1499183074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11087761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11087761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1510270835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1510270835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1510270835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1510270835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       829577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       686738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1516315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1516315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119618.852150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119618.852150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102664.453704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102664.453704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119474.000079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119474.000079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119474.000079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119474.000079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    393036225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393036225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1549585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1549585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    394585810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    394585810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    394585810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    394585810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101063.570327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101063.570327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86088.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86088.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100994.576401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100994.576401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100994.576401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100994.576401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              511.582301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              998100109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1930561.139265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.582301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.058625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1187638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1187638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1187638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1187638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1187638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11662177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11662177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11662177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11662177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11662177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11662177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1187690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1187690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1187690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 224272.634615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224272.634615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 224272.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224272.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 224272.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224272.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9364106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9364106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9364106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9364106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9364106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9364106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 222954.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222954.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 222954.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222954.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 222954.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222954.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152132120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             36649.510961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.092736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.907264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.871456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.128544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       817029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       686088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1503117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1503117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1503117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1503117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        12579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        12579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1495917682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1495917682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8587928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8587928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1504505610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1504505610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1504505610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1504505610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       829510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       686186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1515696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1515696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119855.595064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119855.595064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 87631.918367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87631.918367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119604.548056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119604.548056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119604.548056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119604.548056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    393096603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393096603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1191835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1191835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    394288438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    394288438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    394288438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    394288438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101365.807891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101365.807891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70107.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70107.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101229.380745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101229.380745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101229.380745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101229.380745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              489.463491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001203688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2026728.113360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.463491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.055230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1195588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1195588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8110334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8110334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8110334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8110334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8110334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8110334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155967.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155967.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155967.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155967.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155967.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155967.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6271181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6271181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6271181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6271181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6271181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6271181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160799.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160799.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160799.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160799.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160799.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160799.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148428750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 3891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             38146.684657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   220.248980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    35.751020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.860348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.139652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       952417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       706411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1658828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1658828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         9337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         9337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    980398130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    980398130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6857076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6857076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    987255206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    987255206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    987255206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    987255206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       961669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       706496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1668165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1668165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105966.075443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105966.075443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 80671.482353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80671.482353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105735.804434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105735.804434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105735.804434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105735.804434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    352481774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352481774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1246860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1246860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    353728634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353728634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    353728634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353728634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97424.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97424.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 73344.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73344.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97311.866300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97311.866300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97311.866300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97311.866300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              567.611739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1028873742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1773920.244828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.890185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.721554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1158421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1158421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1158421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1158421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1158421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8080889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8080889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8080889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8080889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8080889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8080889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1158471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1158471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1158471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161617.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161617.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161617.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161617.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161617.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161617.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6292038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6292038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6292038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6292038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6292038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6292038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170055.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170055.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170055.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170055.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170055.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170055.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7762                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              405433138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             50565.370167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.070164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.929836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3035322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3035322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1661007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1661007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4696329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4696329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4696329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4696329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        27421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        27421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3150542661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3150542661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1518694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1518694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3152061355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3152061355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3152061355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3152061355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3062724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3062724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1661026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1661026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4723750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4723750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4723750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4723750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114974.916466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114974.916466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79931.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79931.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114950.634733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114950.634733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114950.634733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114950.634733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19659                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19659                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    823120078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    823120078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       396412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       396412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    823516490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    823516490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    823516490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    823516490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106126.879577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106126.879577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66068.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66068.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106095.914713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106095.914713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106095.914713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106095.914713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
