
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010179                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10179413688                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536366398452                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 298103                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   382811                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 191278                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53217.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15864411500                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20372353641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       362368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       238208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       253056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       144000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       176512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       143872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       248960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       228352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       377728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       236288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       385792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       213504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       247040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       168192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3892096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           69376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1199616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1199616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     14158772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       465253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35598121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       427530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23400955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       352083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25023052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       364658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24859585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       452678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14146198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       490402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17340095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       465253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14133623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       352083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24457204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       440104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     22432726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       402381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     37107049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       427530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23212339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       414955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     37899236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       427530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20974096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       377232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24268588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       490402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16522759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               382349723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       465253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       427530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       352083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       364658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       452678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       490402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       465253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       352083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       440104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       402381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       427530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       414955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       427530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       377232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       490402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6815324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         117847259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              117847259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         117847259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       465253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     14158772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       465253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35598121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       427530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23400955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       352083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25023052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       364658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24859585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       452678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14146198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       490402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17340095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       465253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14133623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       352083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24457204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       440104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     22432726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       402381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     37107049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       427530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23212339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       414955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     37899236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       427530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20974096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       377232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24268588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       490402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16522759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              500196981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841655                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202675                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       849970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809296                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238115                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9491                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19236438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12131083                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1047411                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528762                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        566080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       637571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196279                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193673                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     22764330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20235568     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154670      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195042      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         309741      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         131304      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168836      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195804      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          90031      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283334      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     22764330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.496950                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19123230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       761956                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516640                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1230                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14832349                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1641                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19143022                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         62564                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       645165                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2498051                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54252                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14740561                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        37712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20580764                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68550825                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68550825                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3392714                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3563                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          191345                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1384257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7940                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164468                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387672                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3579                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13792837                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13595                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767911                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3619576                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22764330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16920425     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664962     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088567      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       612316      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827539      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255356      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       249970      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134523      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10672      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22764330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94216     78.74%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13094     10.94%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12347     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617982     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188384      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265847      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718919      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13792837                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565024                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119657                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50483256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16159242                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429724                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13912494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10014                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266915                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11242                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47668                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6063                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14391259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1384257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1858                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5317                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119670                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114161                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233831                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13550268                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915177                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718798                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555087                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429841                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429724                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047111                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21626902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550149                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372088                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204182                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22403058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17186084     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644573     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960534      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477684      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437263      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183409      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181901      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86720      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244890      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22403058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36549401                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143915                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1646735                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.441106                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.441106                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.409650                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.409650                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60968408                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18764801                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13712297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1979833                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195792                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842022                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780355                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203273                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8767                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19226350                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11228720                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1979833                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       983628                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2352989                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        566814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       340724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1184086                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197104                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22286846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19933857     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         127318      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         201320      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         319141      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         132987      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         150526      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         158493      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         104339      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1158865      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22286846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459985                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19052843                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       516015                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2345320                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6181                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       366485                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       324769                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13713128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1611                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       366485                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19081276                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        166303                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       266903                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2323623                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        82254                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13704302                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2357                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3950                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19023577                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     63740690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     63740690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16228087                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2795490                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3487                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1916                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          249260                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1309141                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       702814                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       160144                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13684596                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12949957                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16593                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1744031                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3874559                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          333                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22286846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16827188     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2190277      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1198084      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       818519      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763556      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220311      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170323      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58466      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40122      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22286846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3083     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9417     38.58%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11908     48.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10847875     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204337      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1569      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197876      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698300      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12949957                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530495                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24408                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48227761                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15432286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12739507                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12974365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39133                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238118                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21810                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          853                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       366485                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        114749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13688115                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1309141                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       702814                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1918                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8477                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113807                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111819                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       225626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12764288                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1126452                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1824323                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1795736                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           697871                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522889                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12739760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12739507                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7448284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        19453257                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521874                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382881                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9532204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11683918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2004222                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3167                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       199670                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21920361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17175227     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2298185     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895522      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481957      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360671      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201299      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124731      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110899      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271870      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21920361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9532204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11683918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1752027                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1071023                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1677023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10528216                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       237371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       271870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35336566                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27742801                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                312190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2124219                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9532204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11683918                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9532204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.560905                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.560905                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       57558883                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17660999                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12788971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1985354                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628544                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197007                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       833995                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776106                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8881                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18994722                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11280860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1985354                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       979812                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2481422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        557405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       602279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1171302                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195327                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22435724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       19954302     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         267135      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         312467      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         171803      0.77%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         196642      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         108426      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          75242      0.34%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         191947      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1157760      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22435724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462121                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18839747                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       760611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2460251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19868                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       355245                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       321387                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2056                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13767429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10542                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       355245                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18869827                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        260735                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       415582                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2451301                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        83032                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13758130                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        20784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        38891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19125674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     64059125                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     64059125                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16329053                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2796521                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3656                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          224568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314084                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       715096                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18188                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       157515                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13737417                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3668                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12984632                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17505                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1708311                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3954412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          457                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22435724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16961696     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2205393      9.83%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1182284      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817049      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715440      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364358      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89373      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57312      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42819      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22435724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3471     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11764     41.95%     54.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12810     45.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10869443     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202790      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1591      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1201277      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709531      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12984632                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531916                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28045                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48450538                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15449530                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12767769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13012677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231711                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14721                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       355245                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        214431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13712                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13741108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314084                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       715096                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9671                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114533                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109835                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       224368                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12790712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1127600                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193920                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1836924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1790294                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           709324                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523972                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12768140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12767769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7588790                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19868843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523032                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381944                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9590085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11766082                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1975158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3211                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       197958                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22080479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17272360     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2229645     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934834      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       560584      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389642      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251574      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130563      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105015      0.48%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206262      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22080479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9590085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11766082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1782735                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1082364                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1683980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10607631                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       239425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       206262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35615392                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27837812                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                292649                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1975341                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9590085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11766082                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9590085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.545448                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.545448                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392858                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392858                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       57706537                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17720874                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12852235                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1847878                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1653806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148210                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1234598                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1218070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107883                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4415                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19595533                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10508215                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1847878                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1325953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2341191                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        490108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       291657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1186578                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145148                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22569481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20228290     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         361091      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         175998      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         356836      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         110427      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         331624      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          51244      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          83080      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         870891      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22569481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075698                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430469                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19356845                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       535121                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2336466                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1843                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       339202                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       170539                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1898                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     11718475                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4517                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       339202                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19383958                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        325156                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       128253                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2311114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        81794                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     11700499                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        65808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15294153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     52973409                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     52973409                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     12349355                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2944786                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1531                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          778                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          175647                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2144355                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       334548                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2324                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        76157                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         11639354                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1537                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        10881950                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7133                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2141415                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4401706                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22569481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17796653     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489627      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1613069      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       932754      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       472937      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119397      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138917      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3328      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2799      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22569481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17937     57.35%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7343     23.48%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5999     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8511052     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82976      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1955910     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331258      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     10881950                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.445779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31279                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44371793                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13782337                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10603425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     10913229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8756                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       442881                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9324                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       339202                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        218840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11640903                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2144355                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334548                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          218                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99427                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57573                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       157000                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10746918                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1929018                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2260243                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1636005                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           331225                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.440248                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             10606189                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            10603425                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6422985                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13858576                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.434370                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463466                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8449407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      9483220                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2158135                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1520                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       147087                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22230279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18715561     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1369242      6.16%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891086      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278818      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468869      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89722      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56583      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51416      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308982      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22230279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8449407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      9483220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2026695                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1701471                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1457839                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         8278574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       115781                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       308982                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           33562626                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          23622204                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                441134                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1841584                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8449407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             9483220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8449407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.889086                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.889086                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.346130                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.346130                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       50005042                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      13783534                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12497725                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               24411063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1848455                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1654472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148507                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1236234                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1218396                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107898                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4365                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19599424                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10511231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1848455                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1326294                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2341935                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        491012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       290131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1186928                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145471                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     22573197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20231262     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         360938      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         176237      0.78%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         356931      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         110446      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         331779      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          51278      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          82923      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         871403      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     22573197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430593                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19360757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       533586                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2337148                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1892                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       339810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       170442                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1897                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     11723003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4523                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       339810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19387843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        325103                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       126926                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2311894                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        81617                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     11704892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        65522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15300665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     52993481                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     52993481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     12348885                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2951780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          175838                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2145194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       334404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2143                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        75844                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         11642147                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1532                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        10882627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2144844                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4413709                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22573197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17800453     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489047      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1613394      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       932873      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       472952      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119435      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138920      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3314      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2809      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22573197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17931     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7397     23.59%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6031     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8511845     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82938      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1955890     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331200      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     10882627                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.445807                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44377092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13788552                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10602692                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     10913986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8580                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       443753                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9195                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       339810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        219016                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10027                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11643689                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2145194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          223                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99906                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57673                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       157579                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10746126                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1928482                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       136501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2259653                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1635395                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           331171                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.440215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             10605462                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            10602692                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6422755                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13863276                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.434340                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.463293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8449136                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      9482894                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161281                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       147387                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22233387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18718730     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1369689      6.16%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891061      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278400      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468752      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89482      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56584      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51551      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       309138      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22233387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8449136                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      9482894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2026650                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1701441                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1457789                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         8278286                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       115776                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       309138                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           33568398                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          23628438                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                441048                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1837866                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8449136                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             9482894                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8449136                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.889179                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.889179                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.346119                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.346119                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       49999924                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      13783013                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12500225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2211637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809194                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9482                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19235876                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12128654                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2211637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1046850                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2528568                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        564917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       641974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1196073                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22766917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20238349     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         154825      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         196530      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         310134      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         130328      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         168238      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         195025      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          89626      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1283862      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22766917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090600                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496851                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19122215                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       766771                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2516507                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1210                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       360212                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       335994                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14826785                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       360212                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19141991                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         62010                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       650334                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2497920                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        54446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14735536                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         7688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        37980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     20578978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     68524964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     68524964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17198090                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3380888                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3551                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1844                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          192464                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382739                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       720893                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8020                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       163876                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14383448                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3566                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791288                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13435                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1760927                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3597009                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22766917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16922258     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2666546     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089554      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611160      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826556      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254970      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250780      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134344      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10749      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22766917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94450     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12993     10.85%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12353     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617883     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188624      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1706      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264780      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718295      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791288                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119796                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008686                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50482724                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16148023                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911084                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10045                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       264734                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10252                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       360212                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         47330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14387017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382739                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720893                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5347                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119369                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114100                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       233469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549238                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243417                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1961611                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1915784                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           718194                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555045                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13429930                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13429829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8049084                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        21620218                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550153                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372294                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10005862                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12329629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2057427                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       204071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22406705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17186317     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2646473     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960870      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478203      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437526      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183672      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182086      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86637      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244921      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22406705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10005862                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12329629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1828646                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1118005                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1787030                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11100797                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       254614                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       244921                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36548762                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29134340                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                294043                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1644148                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10005862                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12329629                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10005862                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.439676                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.439676                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.409890                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.409890                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60964410                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18767827                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13709719                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2016190                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1649057                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198059                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       824503                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         791230                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208202                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9071                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19403319                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11275375                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2016190                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       999432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2352102                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        541332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       439406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1188102                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198059                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22535521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20183419     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         108955      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         173304      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         236213      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         241929      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         205875      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         115111      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         170548      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1100167      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22535521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082593                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461896                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19208340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       636385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2347706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2661                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       340428                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       332266                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13833976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1571                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       340428                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19260453                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        129907                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       387148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2298939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       118643                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13828726                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        15844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        51922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19295880                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     64331040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     64331040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16709018                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2586838                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3416                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1773                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          357622                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1294829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       701362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8130                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       224964                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13811931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3429                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13111966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1934                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1535365                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3684660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22535521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16943431     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2334017     10.36%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1172079      5.20%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855464      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676770      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276796      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174309      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90755      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11900      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22535521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2712     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8059     37.00%     49.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11009     50.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11026917     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195716      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1642      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1188708      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698983      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13111966                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.537132                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21780                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48783167                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15350788                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12912993                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13133746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26817                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209048                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10624                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       340428                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        103349                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11641                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13815386                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1294829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1773                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9839                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114542                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111764                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       226306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12929339                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1118031                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1816949                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1837640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           698918                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529651                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12913112                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12912993                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7412104                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19974818                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.528981                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371072                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9740666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11986242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1829161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3317                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       200327                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22195093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17239247     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2475689     11.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       917362      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       438649      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391639      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213176      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171546      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84110      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263675      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22195093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9740666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11986242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1776519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1085781                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1654                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1728554                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10799413                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       246882                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       263675                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35746743                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27971259                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                295357                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1875544                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9740666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11986242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9740666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.506098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.506098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.399027                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.399027                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       58189054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17986178                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12825190                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2214204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1843411                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       849220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808794                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237694                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9489                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19237458                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12140763                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2214204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1046488                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2529705                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        565976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       637390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1196357                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193503                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22766167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20236462     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         155010      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         194331      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         309796      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         131005      0.58%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         169042      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         195499      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          90212      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1284810      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22766167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090705                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497347                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19124037                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       761996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2517580                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1227                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       361325                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       336929                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          289                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14842651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1649                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       361325                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19144074                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         62584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       644845                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2498744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        54591                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14750295                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         7789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        37993                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20594354                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     68585705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     68585705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17200396                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3393958                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1882                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          193363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1384645                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       722242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8217                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       164795                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14396790                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13800859                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13942                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767609                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615950                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          158                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22766167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16918857     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2666760     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089938      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611554      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827836      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255398      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250236      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134893      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10695      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22766167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94526     78.76%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13123     10.93%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12363     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11625281     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188426      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1706      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265782      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719664      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13800859                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565353                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            120012                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50501839                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16168083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13438973                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13920871                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10232                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           82                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11511                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       361325                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         47755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14400402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11272                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1384645                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1882                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5322                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           82                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118769                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114762                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       233531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13558807                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1244217                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1963756                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1917070                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           719539                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555437                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13439063                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13438973                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8051145                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21627561                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10007195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12331278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2069186                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3446                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       204018                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22404842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17184188     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2646281     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       961267      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477865      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437866      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183535      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182187      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86617      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245036      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22404842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10007195                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12331278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1828888                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1118157                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1787272                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11102271                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       254645                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       245036                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36560192                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29162267                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                294047                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1644898                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10007195                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12331278                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10007195                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.439351                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.439351                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.409945                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.409945                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       61004732                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18777183                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13723486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1849803                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1655072                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1235353                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1218829                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107882                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4399                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19603246                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10515353                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1849803                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1326711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2342766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        490244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       287979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1186979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145179                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22575204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20232438     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         361033      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         176506      0.78%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         357152      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         110436      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         331867      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          51298      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          82847      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         871627      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22575204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075777                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.430762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19369014                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       526991                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2338052                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1827                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       339316                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       171082                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1899                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     11726095                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4539                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       339316                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19395595                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        320908                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       125732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2313106                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        80543                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     11708036                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        64686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15306268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     53004410                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     53004410                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12356897                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2949341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1523                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          174515                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2144386                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       334908                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2189                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        75569                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         11646016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1527                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        10887198                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2142709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4406358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22575204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17800181     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490153      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1614106      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       932886      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473207      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119572      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       139017      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3271      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2811      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22575204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17993     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7363     23.44%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6051     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8515553     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        83047      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1956283     17.97%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331561      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     10887198                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.445994                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31407                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44388329                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13790280                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10607976                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     10918605                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8495                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       442301                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9395                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       339316                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        217343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11647554                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2144386                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334908                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4009                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          212                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57508                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       157169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10751499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1929365                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135699                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2260904                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1637004                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           331539                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.440435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             10610812                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            10607976                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6424930                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13863915                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.434556                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8453948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9488745                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2159271                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       147110                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22235888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18718433     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1371267      6.17%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891400      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278423      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       469295      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89855      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56618      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51530      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       309067      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22235888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8453948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9488745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2027589                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1702076                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1458658                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8283527                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       115895                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       309067                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33574811                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          23635647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                441057                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1835861                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8453948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9488745                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8453948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.887534                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.887534                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.346316                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.346316                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       50023666                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      13789965                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12505378                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1989662                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1632105                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       836529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         777386                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8831                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19007032                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11302604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1989662                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       981479                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2485778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        559028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       590925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1172176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195382                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22442526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       19956748     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         268303      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         311963      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         171659      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         197375      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         109079      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          74840      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         191836      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1160723      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22442526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081507                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.463012                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18852055                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       749274                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2464397                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        20069                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       356729                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       322135                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2062                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13793613                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        10633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       356729                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18882788                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        261804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       402703                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2454861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        83639                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13783729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        20647                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19159266                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     64177176                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     64177176                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16345249                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2813990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3657                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2061                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          226475                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1317576                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       716045                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18220                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       157980                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13761636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3660                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13002186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1723012                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3988125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          449                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22442526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16963275     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2206014      9.83%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1184196      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817549      3.64%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715858      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       365515      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89476      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57874      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42769      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22442526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3376     12.04%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11893     42.41%     54.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12774     45.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10883318     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203013      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1592      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1203663      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710600      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13002186                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532635                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28043                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48492883                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15488446                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12784444                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13030229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32662                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       234156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       356729                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        215303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13597                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13765318                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1317576                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       716045                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2057                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9654                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114152                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110243                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       224395                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12808191                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1129664                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1840084                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1792320                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           710420                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524688                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12784803                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12784444                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7599146                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19898701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523715                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381892                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9599468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11777694                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1987848                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3211                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       198083                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22085796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17273833     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2231270     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935094      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       561453      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390039      1.77%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251738      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130458      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105005      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206906      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22085796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9599468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11777694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1784443                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1083417                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1685674                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10618065                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       239664                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       206906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35644367                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27887846                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                292740                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1968539                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9599468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11777694                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9599468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.542960                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.542960                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393242                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393242                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       57785715                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17744582                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12876058                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1903397                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1717124                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101659                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       727289                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104852                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4476                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20174692                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11980594                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1903397                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       782674                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2367272                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        318536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       448402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1159808                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23204763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20837491     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          83927      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         172632      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          72094      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         392693      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         349816      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          67942      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         142515      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1085653      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23204763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077973                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.490785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20060953                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       563588                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2358577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7479                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       214161                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       167278                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14047128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1429                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       214161                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20082429                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        395070                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       103146                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2345849                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        64103                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14039056                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        26470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        23606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          315                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     16491114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     66122169                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     66122169                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14607338                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1883776                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1637                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          832                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          165001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3310530                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1674070                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15450                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        82048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14010053                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1642                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13467719                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7114                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1087382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2604893                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23204763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18424460     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427485      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1176466      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506622      2.18%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       645303      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       623545      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       355294      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27969      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17619      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23204763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34126     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265792     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7686      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8450751     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117712      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          805      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3228286     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1670165     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13467719                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.551706                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307604                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50454919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15099427                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13352006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13775323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24870                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128860                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10633                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1194                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       214161                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        360130                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14011705                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3310530                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1674070                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          832                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11689                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58559                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60402                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       118961                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13373254                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3217453                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            4887437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1751214                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1669984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.547836                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13352520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13352006                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7211916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14211670                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.546965                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507464                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10841379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12740054                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1272943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       103652                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22990602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18373007     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1683143      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       790444      3.44%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       782423      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       212115      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       910185      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67732      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49447      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       122106      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22990602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10841379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12740054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              4845107                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3181670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               810                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1681916                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11329296                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       123317                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       122106                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36881467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28240184                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                443921                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1206302                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10841379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12740054                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10841379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.251657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.251657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.444117                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.444117                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       66110981                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      15512720                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      16724072                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1620                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1989051                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1631481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196603                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776677                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203935                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8884                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18991871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11293997                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1989051                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       980612                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2483654                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        557379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       593314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1170794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194891                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22426543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19942889     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         268426      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         311292      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         171563      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         196973      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         108992      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          74551      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         192028      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1159829      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22426543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462659                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18837230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       751341                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2462285                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        20049                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       355636                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       322223                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2068                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13782360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10669                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       355636                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18868041                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        277974                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       388286                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2452699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        83905                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13772662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        20965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        39329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19144119                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     64123591                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     64123591                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16341639                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2802480                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          226847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1317100                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       715855                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18174                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       157795                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13750046                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3587                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12994845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18097                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1714802                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3968259                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          377                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22426543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16948851     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2205366      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1184957      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817370      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715166      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       365097      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89543      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57496      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42697      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22426543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3416     12.17%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11866     42.27%     54.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12790     45.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10876601     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202808      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1592      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1203450      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710394      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12994845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.532334                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28072                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48462402                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15468569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12776419                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13022917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           77                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14974                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       355636                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        231728                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13837                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13753656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1317100                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       715855                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9819                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113970                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109939                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       223909                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12800531                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1129723                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1839926                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1792179                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           710203                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.524374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12776771                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12776419                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7595121                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19882350                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.523386                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382003                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9597380                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11775121                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1978802                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3210                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       197519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22070907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17259624     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2231287     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935031      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       561022      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389932      1.77%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251726      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130400      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105132      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206753      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22070907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9597380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11775121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1784070                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1083189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1685322                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10615739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       239612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       206753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35618012                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27863496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                292254                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1984522                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9597380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11775121                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9597380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.543513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.543513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393157                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393157                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       57749009                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17733596                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12866968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1902085                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1715682                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       723416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677365                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104898                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4453                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20160879                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11974123                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1902085                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       782263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2366154                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        318190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       449230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1158779                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101700                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23190604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20824450     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          83967      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         172274      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          72487      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         392366      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         349829      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          68080      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         141979      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1085172      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23190604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.490520                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20046766                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       564796                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2357530                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7402                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       214105                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       167401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14039557                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1427                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       214105                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20068133                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        395944                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       103734                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2344764                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        63919                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14031446                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        26397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        23536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          370                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16480317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     66089318                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     66089318                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14595373                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1884928                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          164938                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3309420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1673978                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15517                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        81394                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14001714                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1672                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13457912                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1089698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2611913                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23190604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18413466     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1426477      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1176269      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506109      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       644503      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       623157      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       355218      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27775      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17630      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23190604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34045     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265646     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7685      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8442429     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117609      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3227220     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1669850     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13457912                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.551304                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307376                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50420754                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15093433                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13342652                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13765288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24656                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128833                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11169                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1190                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       214105                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        360692                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17269                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14003394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3309420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1673978                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          863                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11798                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60033                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       118403                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13363539                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3216349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4886036                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1750054                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1669687                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.547438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13343170                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13342652                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7205577                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14194770                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.546582                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507622                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10833990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12731217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1273463                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1619                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       103361                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22976499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18362263     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1681617      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       790011      3.44%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       781704      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       212147      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       909908      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67580      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49294      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121975      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22976499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10833990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12731217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4843388                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3180584                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1680696                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11321377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       123178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       121975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36859178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28223512                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                443810                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1220461                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10833990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12731217                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10833990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.253192                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.253192                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443815                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443815                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       66066849                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15498189                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      16716740                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1618                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1987598                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1630359                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       836538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         777200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203973                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8835                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19031162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11298864                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1987598                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       981173                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2486398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        556980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       594211                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1173472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22468523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       19982125     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         269026      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         313111      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         171869      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         196860      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         108680      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          74492      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         191342      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1161018      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22468523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081422                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18874981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       753750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2465484                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19632                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       354674                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       321856                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2078                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13789896                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        10854                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       354674                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18905428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        243509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       426201                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2455813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        82896                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13780492                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        20310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19158538                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     64166256                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     64166256                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16363937                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2794588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3574                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          225625                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1317052                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       716413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18338                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       157125                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13757737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13007480                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17586                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1705985                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3945672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          369                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22468523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16984627     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2208599      9.83%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1186139      5.28%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       818460      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715560      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       365217      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89415      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57640      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42866      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22468523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3308     11.83%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11943     42.71%     54.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12711     45.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10888027     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203180      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1594      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1203760      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710919      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13007480                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532852                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27962                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48529030                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15467436                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12789441                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13035442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32544                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       232382                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14568                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          797                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       354674                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        197884                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13761338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1317052                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       716413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1978                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114566                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       224620                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12812638                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1130125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1840814                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1793394                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           710689                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524870                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12789766                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12789441                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7603923                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19903440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523920                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382041                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9610482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11791231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1970290                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3213                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       198060                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22113849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17296294     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2233854     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       936427      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       562077      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389826      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       252402      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130930      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104914      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       207125      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22113849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9610482                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11791231                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1786514                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1084670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1604                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1687621                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10630267                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       239941                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       207125                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35668180                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27877738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                293189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1942542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9610482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11791231                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9610482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.540046                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.540046                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       57806406                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17754603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12873279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               24411064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1848834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1654493                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148468                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1235668                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1218684                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         108125                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4374                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19608921                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10513079                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1848834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1326809                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2342766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        490603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       290342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1187459                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145401                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22583364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20240598     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         360986      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         176819      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         356907      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         110445      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         331997      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          51089      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          82828      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         871695      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22583364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075738                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430669                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19374708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       529330                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2338021                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       339437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       170594                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1899                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     11725851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4523                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       339437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19401290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        321124                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       128093                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2313096                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        80320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     11707724                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        64367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15304609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     53007465                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     53007465                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12357289                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2947320                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          173850                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2145102                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       334882                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2245                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        76181                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         11645916                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1532                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        10888200                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7103                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2142406                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4404900                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22583364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17807961     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490038      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1614356      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       932837      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473561      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119875      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138628      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3312      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2796      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22583364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17895     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7386     23.61%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6001     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8515758     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        83106      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1957035     17.97%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331547      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     10888200                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.446035                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44398149                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13789882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10608892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     10919482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8529                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       442927                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9368                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       339437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        217162                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9936                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11647457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2145102                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334882                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          773                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          241                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99710                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57571                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       157281                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10752022                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1929412                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       136178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2260933                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1636813                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           331521                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.440457                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             10611842                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            10608892                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6425834                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        13869743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.434594                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463299                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8454276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9489073                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2158880                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1519                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       147348                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22243927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18726750     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1370601      6.16%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891714      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278599      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       469185      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89696      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56750      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51529      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       309103      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22243927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8454276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9489073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2027689                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1702175                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1458708                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8283805                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       115895                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       309103                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33582751                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          23635617                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                441310                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1827700                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8454276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9489073                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8454276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.887422                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.887422                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       50028983                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      13791457                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12503538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               24411065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2015741                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1648916                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198901                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       824267                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         791050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207758                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9043                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19411382                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11272964                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2015741                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       998808                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2351486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        543688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       440433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1189278                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199020                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22545516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20194030     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         109018      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         173470      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         236033      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         241670      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         205476      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         114626      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         171401      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1099792      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22545516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082575                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461797                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19216347                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       637390                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2347114                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       341952                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       332072                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13831485                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1552                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       341952                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19268456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        130492                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       387441                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2298333                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       118839                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13826352                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        15888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        51992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19292272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     64316860                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     64316860                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16699915                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2592357                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3322                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1679                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          359282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1294628                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       700771                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8227                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       224087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13808910                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13108163                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1538325                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3686242                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22545516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16955594     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2332640     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1171657      5.20%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855733      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676324      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276451      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174378      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90721      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12018      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22545516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2659     12.26%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8042     37.08%     49.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10989     50.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11024831     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195604      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1641      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187526      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698561      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13108163                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536976                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21690                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48785439                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15350631                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12908741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13129853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26528                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10405                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       341952                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        103834                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11609                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13812271                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1294628                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700771                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1680                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9853                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112153                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       227312                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12924945                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1117044                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183218                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1815551                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1836688                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           698507                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529471                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12908871                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12908741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7410247                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19972054                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528807                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371031                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9735356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11979787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1832510                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       201165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22203564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17251554     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2473080     11.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       917042      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       438469      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390810      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212985      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171798      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84345      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263481      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22203564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9735356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11979787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1775573                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1085207                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1727648                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10793582                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       246755                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       263481                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35752302                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27966564                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                296110                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1865549                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9735356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11979787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9735356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.507465                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.507465                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398809                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398809                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       58168148                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17980831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12821645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          30419                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.527112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1371348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          63176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.706787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           323.963488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.948090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   500.151852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.717781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1223.824912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    21.131026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   790.318329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    20.483508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   914.743360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.116182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   906.267572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.263516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   497.584281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.281880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   607.662109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    26.989389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   503.170769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.304593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   913.281879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.861938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   751.714362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.536923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1283.209752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.855864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   778.016572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.005582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1319.646504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.902940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   713.205055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.400161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   877.526221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.027533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   578.688524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           770.018941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1507.265434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1205.274091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1250.343565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1301.033747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           765.176430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           937.406254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           767.728274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1327.150254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1301.756929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1436.370058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1190.288400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1400.337235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1379.223083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1380.293758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           998.058211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.015263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.037348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.024119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.027916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.027657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.015185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.018544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.015356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.027871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.022941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.039160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.023743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.040272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.021765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.026780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.017660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.023499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.045998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.036782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.038157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.039704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.023351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.028607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.023429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.040501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.039726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.043835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.036325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.042735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.042091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.042123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.030458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   54058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   188                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    54246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2518                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3473                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3528                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2589                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   54246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 30396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2831                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1977                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3014                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1931                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30408                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5616077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    170316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5595108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    428230642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5135953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    281105533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4131488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    299592858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4489326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    296479596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5443539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    171990590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5843601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    208513950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5554064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    170037986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4228956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    292656720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5203460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    267708186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4873767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    447707572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5067308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    278727349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4806956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    458038788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5099077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    251609417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4700882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    289835187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5707313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    198093530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4592140779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       131673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       590129                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       131876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       271864                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       359979                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       293999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1779520                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5616077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    170316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5595108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    428230642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5135953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    281237206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4131488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    299592858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4489326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    296479596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5443539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    171990590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5843601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    208513950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5554064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    170037986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4228956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    292656720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5203460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    268298315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4873767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    447839448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5067308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    278999213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4806956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    458398767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5099077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    251903416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4700882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    289835187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5707313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    198093530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4593920299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5616077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    170316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5595108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    428230642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5135953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    281237206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4131488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    299592858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4489326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    296479596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5443539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    171990590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5843601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    208513950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5554064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    170037986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4228956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    292656720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5203460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    268298315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4873767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    447839448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5067308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    278999213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4806956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    458398767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5099077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    251903416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4700882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    289835187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5707313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    198093530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4593920299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               84454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                84654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               84654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.365138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.310497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.359912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.060000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.309001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.364736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.362885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.359203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.309001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.364736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.362885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.359203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151785.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151257.548845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151219.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151264.797598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151057.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151132.006989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147553.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150549.174874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154804.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149964.388467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151209.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152880.524444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149835.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151206.635243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150109.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151279.346975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151034.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150466.179949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148670.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150397.857303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152305.218750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151765.278644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149038.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151153.659978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145665.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152071.310757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149972.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151026.060624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156696.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150095.902123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146341.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150756.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151077.141038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       131673                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 147532.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       131876                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       135932                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 179989.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 146999.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148293.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151785.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151257.548845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151219.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151264.797598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151057.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151121.550779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147553.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150549.174874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154804.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149964.388467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151209.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152880.524444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149835.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151206.635243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150109.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151279.346975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151034.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150466.179949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148670.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150391.432175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152305.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151758.538800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149038.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151137.168472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145665.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152089.836430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149972.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151021.232614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156696.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150095.902123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146341.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150756.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151076.042456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151785.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151257.548845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151219.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151264.797598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151057.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151121.550779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147553.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150549.174874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154804.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149964.388467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151209.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152880.524444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149835.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151206.635243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150109.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151279.346975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151034.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150466.179949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148670.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150391.432175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152305.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151758.538800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149038.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151137.168472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145665.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152089.836430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149972.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151021.232614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156696.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150095.902123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146341.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150756.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151076.042456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9372                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9372                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            30396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             30408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            30408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3466764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    104736354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3438930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    263351351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3160042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    172763172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2503101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    183628837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2802756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    181321483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3352785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106476336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3576993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    128198574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3398491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    104576296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2602593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    179344472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3167368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    164016028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3010992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    275969239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3089296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171302358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2884625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    282696452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3117742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    154561655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2959644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    177414947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3441877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    121582178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2821913731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        73123                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       357116                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        73201                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       155170                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       244379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       178065                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1081054                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3466764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    104736354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3438930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    263351351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3160042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    172836295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2503101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    183628837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2802756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    181321483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3352785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106476336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3576993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    128198574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3398491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    104576296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2602593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    179344472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3167368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    164373144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3010992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    276042440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3089296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171457528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2884625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    282940831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3117742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    154739720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2959644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    177414947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3441877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    121582178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2822994785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3466764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    104736354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3438930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    263351351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3160042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    172836295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2503101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    183628837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2802756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    181321483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3352785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106476336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3576993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    128198574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3398491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    104576296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2602593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    179344472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3167368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    164373144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3010992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    276042440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3089296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171457528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2884625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    282940831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3117742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    154739720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2959644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    177414947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3441877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    121582178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2822994785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.365138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.310497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.359912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.309001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.364736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.362885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.359203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.309001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.364736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.362885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.359203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93696.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93016.300178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92944.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93024.143765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92942.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92883.425806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89396.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92275.797487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96646.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91715.469398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93132.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94645.632000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91717.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92964.883249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91851.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93039.409253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92949.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92207.954756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90496.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92143.835955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94093.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93548.894576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90861.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92897.157267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 87412.878788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93856.723772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91698.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92774.102641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98654.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91877.238219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88253.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92528.293760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92838.325141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        73123                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        89279                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        73201                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        77585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122189.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89032.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90087.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93696.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93016.300178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92944.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93024.143765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92942.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92872.807630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89396.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92275.797487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96646.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91715.469398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93132.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94645.632000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91717.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92964.883249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91851.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93039.409253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92949.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92207.954756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90496.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92137.412556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94093.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93541.999322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90861.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92880.567714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 87412.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93875.524552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91698.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92769.616307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98654.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91877.238219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88253.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92528.293760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92837.239707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93696.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93016.300178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92944.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93024.143765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92942.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92872.807630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89396.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92275.797487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96646.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91715.469398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93132.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94645.632000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91717.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92964.883249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91851.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93039.409253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92949.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92207.954756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90496.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92137.412556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94093.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93541.999322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90861.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92880.567714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 87412.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93875.524552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91698.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92769.616307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98654.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91877.238219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88253.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92528.293760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92837.239707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              489.648738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2026729.412955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.648738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8189643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8189643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8189643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8189643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8189643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8189643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167135.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167135.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167135.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167135.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167135.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167135.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6506824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6506824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6506824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6506824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6506824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6506824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166841.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166841.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166841.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166841.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166841.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166841.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38058.915128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.284299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.715701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       953144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        953144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    974846426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    974846426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4887823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4887823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    979734249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    979734249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    979734249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    979734249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       962399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1669140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1669140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1669140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1669140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000082                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105331.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105331.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84272.810345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84272.810345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105200.713948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105200.713948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105200.713948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105200.713948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    349689166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349689166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1053508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1053508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    350742674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350742674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    350742674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350742674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96359.648939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96359.648939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70233.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70233.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96252.105928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96252.105928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96252.105928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96252.105928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.064989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1003851719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1901234.316288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.286949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   489.778040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.046934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.784901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1184038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1184038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1184038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1184038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1184038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1184038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7604873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7604873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7604873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7604873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7604873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7604873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1184086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1184086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1184086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1184086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1184086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1184086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158434.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158434.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158434.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158434.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158434.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158434.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6093560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6093560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6093560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6093560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6093560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6093560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160356.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160356.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160356.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160356.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160356.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160356.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6949                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166886000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             23162.526024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.421976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.578024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       819413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       677730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1582                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1582                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1497143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1497143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1497143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1497143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2106988693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2106988693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6347317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6347317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2113336010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2113336010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2113336010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2113336010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       837320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       677808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1515128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1515128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117662.852125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117662.852125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 81375.858974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81375.858974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117505.477342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117505.477342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117505.477342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117505.477342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    733019379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    733019379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       903450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       903450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    733922829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    733922829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    733922829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    733922829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105698.540591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105698.540591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64532.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64532.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105615.603540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105615.603540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105615.603540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105615.603540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              511.671434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              999391005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1933058.036750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    29.671434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.047550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1171260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1171260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1171260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1171260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1171260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1171260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6821611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6821611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6821611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6821611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6821611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6821611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1171302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1171302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1171302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1171302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1171302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1171302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162419.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162419.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162419.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162419.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162419.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162419.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5838604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5838604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5838604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5838604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5838604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5838604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166817.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166817.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166817.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166817.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166817.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166817.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              158029808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             28443.089993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   224.044387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    31.955613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.875173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.124827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       823573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       696522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1520095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1520095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1520095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1520095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2272909935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2272909935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     48848504                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48848504                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2321758439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2321758439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2321758439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2321758439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       841824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       696943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1538767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1538767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1538767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1538767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124536.186236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124536.186236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116029.700713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116029.700713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124344.389407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124344.389407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124344.389407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124344.389407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    531392902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    531392902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1200685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1200685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    532593587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    532593587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    532593587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    532593587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100547.379754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100547.379754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 75042.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75042.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100470.399359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100470.399359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100470.399359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100470.399359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              550.967674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              917913988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1650924.438849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.789545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.178129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1186543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1186543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1186543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1186543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1186543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5582412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5582412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5582412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5582412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5582412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5582412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1186578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1186578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1186578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159497.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159497.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159497.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159497.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159497.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159497.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4770160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4770160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4770160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4770160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4770160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4770160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164488.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164488.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164488.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164488.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164488.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164488.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              204770278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35849.138305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   191.782482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    64.217518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.749150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.250850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1766742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       323661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2090403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2090403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2090403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2090403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        18977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        18977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2065000918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2065000918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2541194                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2541194                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2067542112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2067542112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2067542112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2067542112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1785689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       323691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2109380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2109380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2109380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2109380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108988.278778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108988.278778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84706.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84706.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108949.892607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108949.892607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108949.892607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108949.892607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    553738750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553738750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       391840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       391840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    554130590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554130590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    554130590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554130590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101603.440367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101603.440367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65306.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65306.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101563.524560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101563.524560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101563.524560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101563.524560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              551.388967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              917914339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1647961.111311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.211059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.177908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1186894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1186894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1186894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1186894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1186894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6002547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6002547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6002547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6002547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6002547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6002547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1186928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1186928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1186928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176545.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176545.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176545.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176545.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176545.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176545.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5244406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5244406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5244406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5244406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5244406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5244406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174813.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174813.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174813.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174813.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174813.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174813.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              204769920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35899.354839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   191.457121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    64.542879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.747879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.252121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1766406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       323648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2090054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2090054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2090054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2090054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2060690663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2060690663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2723650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2723650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2063414313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2063414313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2063414313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2063414313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1785350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       323678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2109028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2109028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2109028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2109028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108778.012194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108778.012194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 90788.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90788.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108749.568515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108749.568515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108749.568515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108749.568515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    550987306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    550987306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       439687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       439687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    551426993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    551426993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    551426993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    551426993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101247.208012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101247.208012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 73281.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73281.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101216.408407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101216.408407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101216.408407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101216.408407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              489.618251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001204122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2030840.004057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.618251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.055478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1196022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1196022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1196022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1196022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1196022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8221265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8221265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8221265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8221265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8221265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8221265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1196073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1196073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1196073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161201.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161201.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161201.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161201.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161201.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161201.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6388508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6388508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6388508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6388508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6388508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6388508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168118.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168118.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168118.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168118.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168118.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168118.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148429529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 3886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             38195.967319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   220.292711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    35.707289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.860518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.139482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       952539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       707064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1659603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1659603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    975893647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    975893647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7256123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7256123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    983149770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    983149770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    983149770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    983149770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       961716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       707160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1668876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1668876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106341.249537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106341.249537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75584.614583                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75584.614583                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106022.837269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106022.837269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106022.837269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106022.837269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        30793                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        30793                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    350484385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350484385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1218326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1218326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    351702711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    351702711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    351702711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    351702711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96979.630603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96979.630603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 76145.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76145.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96887.799174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96887.799174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96887.799174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96887.799174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              510.821417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998100521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1930561.936170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.821417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.057406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1188050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1188050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1188050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1188050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1188050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1188050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8457917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8457917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8457917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8457917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8457917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8457917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1188102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1188102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1188102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1188102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1188102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1188102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162652.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162652.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162652.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162652.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162652.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162652.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6760801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6760801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6760801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6760801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6760801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6760801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160971.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160971.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160971.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160971.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160971.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160971.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              152134393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             36500.574136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   223.121405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    32.878595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.871568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.128432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       817943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       687445                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       687445                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1505388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1505388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1505388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1505388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1490585653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1490585653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8932960                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8932960                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1499518613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1499518613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1499518613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1499518613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       830446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       687550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       687550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1517996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1517996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1517996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1517996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119218.239862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119218.239862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85075.809524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85075.809524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118933.900143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118933.900143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118933.900143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118933.900143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    391328059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391328059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1218645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1218645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    392546704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    392546704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    392546704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    392546704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100495.135850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100495.135850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67702.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67702.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100344.249489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100344.249489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100344.249489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100344.249489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              489.839986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001204407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2026729.568826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.839986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1196307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1196307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8189071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8189071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8189071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8189071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8189071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8189071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163781.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163781.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163781.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163781.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163781.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163781.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6429156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6429156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6429156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6429156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6429156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6429156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164850.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164850.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164850.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164850.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164850.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164850.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148430163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             38156.854242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   220.347880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    35.652120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.860734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.139266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       953012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        953012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       707184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1660196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1660196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1660196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1660196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    974415781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    974415781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4955954                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4955954                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    979371735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    979371735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    979371735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    979371735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       962236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       707249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1669485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1669485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1669485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1669485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105639.178339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105639.178339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76245.446154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76245.446154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105433.494994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105433.494994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105433.494994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105433.494994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7115                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7115                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    348371890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    348371890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       975577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       975577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    349347467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349347467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    349347467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349347467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96235.328729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96235.328729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69684.071429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69684.071429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96133.039901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96133.039901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96133.039901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96133.039901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              551.372631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              917914388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1650925.158273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.194525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.178106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.040376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1186943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1186943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1186943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1186943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1186943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5922065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5922065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5922065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5922065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5922065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5922065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1186979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1186979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1186979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164501.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164501.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164501.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164501.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164501.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164501.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5003829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5003829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5003829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5003829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5003829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5003829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172545.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172545.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172545.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172545.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172545.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172545.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              204771033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35842.995449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   191.381498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    64.618502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.747584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.252416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1767216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1767216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       323952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2091168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2091168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2091168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2091168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2048572103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2048572103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2758442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2758442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2051330545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2051330545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2051330545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2051330545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1786122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1786122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       323982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2110104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2110104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2110104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2110104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108355.659738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108355.659738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91948.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91948.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108329.665452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108329.665452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108329.665452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108329.665452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13479                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13479                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    549650587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549650587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       457869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       457869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550108456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    550108456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550108456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    550108456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100834.816914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100834.816914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 76311.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76311.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100807.853399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100807.853399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100807.853399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100807.853399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              511.449963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              999391879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1929327.951737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.449963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.047195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1172134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1172134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1172134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1172134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1172134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1172134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6723587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6723587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6723587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6723587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6723587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6723587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1172176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1172176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1172176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1172176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1172176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1172176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160085.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160085.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160085.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160085.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160085.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160085.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5931460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5931460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5931460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5931460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5931460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5931460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164762.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164762.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164762.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164762.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164762.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164762.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5257                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158032065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             28665.348268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   223.714481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    32.285519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.873885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.126115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       825188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        825188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       697174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1522362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1522362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1522362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1522362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2255458697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2255458697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     52769576                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52769576                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2308228273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2308228273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2308228273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2308228273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       843379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       697597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1540976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1540976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1540976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1540976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123987.614590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123987.614590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124750.770686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124750.770686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124004.957183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124004.957183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124004.957183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124004.957183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    519051269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    519051269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1632559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1632559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    520683828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    520683828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    520683828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    520683828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99093.407598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99093.407598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85924.157895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85924.157895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99045.810919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99045.810919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99045.810919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99045.810919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              566.515236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1028875086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1786241.468750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.155165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   542.360070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.038710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.869167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1159765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1159765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1159765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1159765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1159765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1159765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6872805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6872805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6872805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6872805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6872805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6872805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1159808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1159808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1159808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1159808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1159808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1159808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159832.674419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159832.674419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159832.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159832.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159832.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159832.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5499973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5499973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5499973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5499973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5499973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5499973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166665.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166665.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166665.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166665.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166665.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166665.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              405434460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             50414.630689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.075961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.924039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3035869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3035869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1661778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1661778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          810                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          810                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4697647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4697647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4697647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4697647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        27548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        27548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3146162083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3146162083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1807721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1807721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3147969804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3147969804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3147969804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3147969804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3063398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3063398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1661797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1661797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          810                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          810                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4725195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4725195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4725195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4725195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114285.374805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114285.374805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95143.210526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95143.210526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114272.172354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114272.172354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114272.172354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114272.172354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    817913263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817913263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       460676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       460676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    818373939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    818373939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    818373939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    818373939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105130.239460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105130.239460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76779.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76779.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105108.391857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105108.391857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105108.391857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105108.391857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              511.272221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              999390496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1933057.052224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.272221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.046911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1170751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1170751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1170751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1170751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1170751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1170751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6836631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6836631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6836631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6836631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6836631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6836631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1170794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1170794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1170794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1170794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1170794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1170794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158991.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158991.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158991.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158991.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158991.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158991.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5677571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5677571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5677571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5677571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5677571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5677571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162216.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162216.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162216.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162216.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162216.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162216.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              158032101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             28675.757757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.622962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.377038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.873527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.126473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       825423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        825423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       697031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1522454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1522454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1522454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1522454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2266979323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2266979323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     50507295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     50507295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2317486618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2317486618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2317486618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2317486618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       843708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       697453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1541161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1541161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123980.274706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123980.274706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119685.533175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119685.533175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123883.392206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123883.392206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123883.392206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123883.392206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    526423509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    526423509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1301394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1301394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    527724903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    527724903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    527724903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    527724903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100500.860825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100500.860825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 76552.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76552.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100423.387821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100423.387821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100423.387821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100423.387821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              567.151337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1028874059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1783143.949740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.791176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   542.360161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.039729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.869167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1158738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1158738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1158738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1158738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1158738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6475522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6475522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6475522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6475522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6475522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6475522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1158779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1158779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1158779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157939.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157939.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157939.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157939.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157939.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157939.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5367031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5367031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5367031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5367031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5367031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5367031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157853.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157853.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157853.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157853.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157853.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157853.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              405433196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             50596.929490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.081264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.918736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3035207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3035207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1661146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1661146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4696353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4696353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4696353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4696353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        27472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        27472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3152704384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3152704384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2641042                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2641042                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3155345426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3155345426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3155345426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3155345426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3062659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3062659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1661166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1661166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4723825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4723825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4723825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4723825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114844.251202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114844.251202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132052.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132052.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114856.778757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114856.778757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114856.778757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114856.778757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1406                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1406                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    822249823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    822249823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       742489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       742489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    822992312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    822992312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    822992312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    822992312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106083.063218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106083.063218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123748.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123748.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106096.727085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106096.727085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106096.727085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106096.727085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.085216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              999393173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1933062.230174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.085216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1173428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1173428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1173428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1173428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1173428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1173428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7070740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7070740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7070740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7070740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7070740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7070740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1173472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1173472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1173472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1173472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1173472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1173472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160698.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160698.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160698.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160698.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160698.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160698.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5890246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5890246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5890246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5890246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5890246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5890246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168292.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168292.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168292.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168292.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168292.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168292.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5242                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              158033242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             28743.769007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.731832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.268168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.873952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.126048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       825653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        825653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       697988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1523641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1523641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1523641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1523641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2225883366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2225883366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     49155695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49155695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2275039061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2275039061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2275039061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2275039061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       843762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       698411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1542173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1542173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122915.863162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122915.863162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116207.316785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116207.316785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122762.738021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122762.738021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122762.738021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122762.738021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    508864687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    508864687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1335748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1335748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    510200435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    510200435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    510200435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    510200435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97390.370718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97390.370718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 78573.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78573.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97329.346623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97329.346623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97329.346623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97329.346623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              551.795277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              917914866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1645008.720430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    26.036407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.758870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.041725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1187421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1187421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1187421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1187421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1187421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6503418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6503418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6503418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6503418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6503418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6503418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1187459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1187459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1187459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171142.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171142.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171142.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171142.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171142.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171142.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5573160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5573160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5573160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5573160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5573160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5573160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 179779.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179779.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 179779.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179779.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 179779.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179779.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              204770924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35836.703535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.371515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    65.628485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.743639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.256361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1767104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1767104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       323952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2091056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2091056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2091056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2091056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2037245739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2037245739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2443228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2443228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2039688967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2039688967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2039688967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2039688967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1786028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1786028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       323982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2110010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2110010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2110010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2110010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107654.076252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107654.076252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 81440.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81440.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107612.586631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107612.586631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107612.586631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107612.586631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13495                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13495                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    547488189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    547488189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       396705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       396705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    547884894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    547884894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    547884894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    547884894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100401.281680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100401.281680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66117.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66117.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100363.600293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100363.600293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100363.600293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100363.600293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              509.248783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998101694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1934305.608527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.248783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.054886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1189223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1189223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1189223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1189223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1189223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1189223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8279798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8279798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8279798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8279798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8279798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8279798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1189278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1189278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1189278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1189278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1189278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150541.781818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150541.781818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150541.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150541.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150541.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150541.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6528779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6528779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6528779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6528779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6528779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6528779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159238.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159238.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159238.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159238.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159238.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159238.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              152133400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36579.321952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   223.086005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    32.913995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.871430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.128570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       817413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       687078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       687078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1504491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1504491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        12656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        12656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1469249818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1469249818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8476503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8476503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1477726321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1477726321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1477726321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1477726321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       829964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       687183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       687183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1517147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1517147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1517147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1517147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117062.370966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117062.370966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 80728.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80728.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116760.929283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116760.929283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116760.929283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116760.929283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    383506382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    383506382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1177336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1177336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    384683718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    384683718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    384683718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    384683718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98714.641441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98714.641441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65407.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65407.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98561.034589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98561.034589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98561.034589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98561.034589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
