
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093928                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93927996498                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               606537199386                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 319182                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   406627                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1786530                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52575.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16781218165                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21378687640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3581312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1294464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1293312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2289408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2201088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1660544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3360896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2324736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1655168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3754880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2222080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2146688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1589504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2250368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2292352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3320832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37315584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11010432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11010432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        27979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        10113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        10104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        17886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        17196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        12973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        26257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        18162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        12931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        29335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        16771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        12418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        17581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        17909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        25944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                291528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           86019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                86019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        51784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     38128270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13781450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        53147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13769185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24374075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        50422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23433780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        55873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17678904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        54510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35781621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        49059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24750193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        57235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17621668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        54510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39976153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23657270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        49059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22854613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        55873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     16922580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23958437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24405418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        53147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35355082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               397278611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        51784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        53147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        50422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        55873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        54510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        49059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        57235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        54510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        49059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        55873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        53147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             829912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         117222047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              117222047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         117222047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        51784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     38128270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        51784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13781450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        53147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13769185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24374075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        50422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23433780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        55873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17678904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        54510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35781621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        49059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24750193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        57235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17621668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        54510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39976153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        47696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23657270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        49059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22854613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        55873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     16922580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23958437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24405418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        53147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35355082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              514500658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17534093                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15822441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       920259                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6715737                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6275857                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969913                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185948641                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110304639                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17534093                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7245770                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21815080                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2884816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4400797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10673706                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       924979                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    214106119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      192291039     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         779907      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1592969      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         667205      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3630064      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3226404      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         628506      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1307388      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9982637      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    214106119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077844                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489705                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184909503                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5451286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21735504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        68704                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1941116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1538422                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129342852                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2684                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1941116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      185096783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3914264                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       950751                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21629904                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       573295                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129276723                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           72                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       244258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       208137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3763                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151771653                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    608923807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    608923807                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17048789                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        14997                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1447794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30513045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15437510                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139972                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       749864                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129028369                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15042                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124111933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9872983                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23592207                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214106119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170022462     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13187083      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10840983      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4680797      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5937046      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5753687      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3265912      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256790      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161359      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214106119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314044     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449106     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70964      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77851231     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1083849      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29765345     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15404076     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124111933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.551004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2834114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465228324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138919538                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123054557                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126946047                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223768                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1165002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          501                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3150                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92174                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11007                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1941116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       3590263                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129043489                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30513045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15437510                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7564                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111274                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           83                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3150                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       537755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1079112                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123244148                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29664472                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       867785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45067264                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16146119                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15402792                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.547151                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123058483                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123054557                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66452326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       130908377                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507625                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11539748                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       940446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212165003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169568652     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15530901      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7293050      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7209866      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1960850      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8392037      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626946      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       457100      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1125601      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212165003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1125601                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          340095219                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260053548                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4078649                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              11140876                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.252470                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.252470                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.443957                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.443957                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609316473                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142894339                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154050836                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20406634                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16989274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1852835                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7757855                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7460650                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2196096                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86096                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177533795                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            111960174                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20406634                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9656746                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23335839                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5156045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5968282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11023639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1771268                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    210124298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      186788459     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1431388      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1797545      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2873038      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1208638      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1548106      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1806032      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         827797      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11843295      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    210124298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090597                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.497055                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      176487733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      7114909                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23224748                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        11044                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3285856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3107453                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          526                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    136857711                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2568                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3285856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      176666590                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        574869                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6040462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23056948                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       499566                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    136014075                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        72460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       348337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    189958526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    632498674                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    632498674                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    159003933                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30954535                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        32952                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1753036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12733412                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6662542                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74592                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1505605                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        132792349                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33075                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       127424098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       129228                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16055767                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32670451                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1262                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210124298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156137100     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24615866     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10071514      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5642858      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7645063      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2355482      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2313934      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1244484      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        97997      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210124298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878262     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119701     10.77%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113615     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107345532     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1742049      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11678024      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6642724      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    127424098                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.565708                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1111578                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008723                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466213300                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148881805                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124111531                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    128535676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94949                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2399024                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          616                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95391                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3285856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        437975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54689                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132825431                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       106059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12733412                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6662542                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          616                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1097890                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1041230                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2139120                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125210172                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11487823                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2213926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18129898                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17707562                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6642075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.555879                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            124111999                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           124111531                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74356786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       199753093                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.551002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372243                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92505334                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    113987809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18838091                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1868683                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206838442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158598152     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24445689     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8876821      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4423381      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4044195      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1698784      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1681518      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800689      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269213      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206838442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     92505334                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    113987809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16901529                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10334381                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15870                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16521914                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       102626470                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2353855                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2269213                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          337394479                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         268937716                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2690925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              15122697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          92505334                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           113987809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     92505334                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.434962                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.434962                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.410684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.410684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      563390876                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     173415635                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     126575957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        31786                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20399800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16986976                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1853311                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7811776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7468190                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2194670                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86375                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177551560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            111910421                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20399800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9662860                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23329134                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5150477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6026126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11023020                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1771549                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    210187122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      186857988     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1430669      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1811123      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2874845      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1200505      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1546070      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1804878      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         821692      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11839352      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    210187122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496834                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      176505470                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      7172754                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23218207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        10905                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3279778                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3102800                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          524                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    136765635                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2229                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3279778                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      176684447                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        572459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      6100280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23050259                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       499892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    135922319                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        72353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       348648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    189872321                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    632088407                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    632088407                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    159011576                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30860695                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        33078                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17307                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1754417                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12706267                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6655449                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1506009                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        132707506                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33195                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       127373924                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       125799                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16004057                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32465277                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1382                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210187122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156206695     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24626500     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10068060      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5638786      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7639860      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2349282      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2314697      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1245022      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98220      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210187122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878880     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117260     10.57%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113609     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107310159     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1742053      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15770      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11670645      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6635297      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    127373924                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565486                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1109749                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466170517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148745361                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124066619                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    128483673                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        95394                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2371380                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          607                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87970                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           76                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3279778                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        435396                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54592                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132740708                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12706267                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6655449                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17308                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47618                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          607                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1100000                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1038679                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2138679                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125159989                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11483097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2213934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18117756                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17701864                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6634659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555657                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            124067051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           124066619                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        74336298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       199644881                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372343                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92509772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    113993338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18747825                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1869173                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206907344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158658374     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24451314     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8877626      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4427314      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4043168      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1701243      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1680172      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800153      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2267980      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206907344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     92509772                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    113993338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             16902363                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10334884                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15870                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16522735                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       102631448                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2353979                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2267980                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          337379877                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         268762155                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2689970                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              15059873                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          92509772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           113993338                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     92509772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.434845                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.434845                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410704                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410704                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      563196459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     173373425                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     126519135                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        31786                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18301059                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15013492                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1795606                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7730291                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7169145                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1877893                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80559                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174855529                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            103953158                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18301059                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9047038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            22888597                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5071927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      5746624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10769047                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1781729                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    206739187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      183850590     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2475865      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2881766      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1580402      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1833829      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1003644      0.49%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         674561      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1763623      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10674907      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    206739187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081249                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461507                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      173463457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7165877                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        22707910                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       170270                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3231670                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      2964510                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        16767                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    126920063                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        83341                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3231670                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      173729833                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2554517                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3858365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        22623052                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       741747                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    126840800                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       194830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       345087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    176302211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    590595084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    590595084                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    150777880                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       25524331                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        33465                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1991339                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12119413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6593054                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173325                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1453144                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        126652460                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       119770478                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15664392                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36161408                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3951                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206739187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156246809     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20328097      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10913909      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7544584      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6594811      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3380519      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       808752      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527188      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394518      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206739187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31863     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111436     42.77%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117224     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100261612     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1872316      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14682      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11074572      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6547296      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    119770478                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531730                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260523                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002175                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446703153                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142351540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117797509                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    120031001                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303613                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2128967                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          723                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1129                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129047                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7341                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3231670                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2120615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130093                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126686136                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12119413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6593054                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1129                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045036                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1004594                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2049630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118012197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10402900                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1758281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 113                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           16948698                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16519635                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6545798                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523924                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            117799361                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           117797509                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        70035266                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       183391296                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522970                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381890                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88541144                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    108628323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18059071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1805997                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203507517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159131026     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20581723     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8620514      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5178601      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3594443      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2314643      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1202658      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968438      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1915471      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203507517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     88541144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    108628323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             16454453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             9990446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             14774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15546240                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        97933006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2209994                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1915471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          328278842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         256606526                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2677151                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              18507808                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          88541144                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           108628323                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     88541144                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.543981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.543981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393085                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393085                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      532379904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     163511500                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     118445942                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        29584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18331429                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15031565                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1795214                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7730620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7175625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1881983                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80654                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175020620                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            104133572                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18331429                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9057608                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            22916775                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5076838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5659117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10779475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1781126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    206850188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      183933413     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2481466      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2866656      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1582439      0.77%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1839374      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1005348      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         677915      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1774593      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10688984      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    206850188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      173624613                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7081967                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        22736642                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       170122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3236841                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      2976351                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        16837                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    127141116                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        83925                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3236841                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      173890249                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2544047                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3786332                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        22652320                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       740396                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    127061228                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       193949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       344666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           16                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    176573366                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    591616574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    591616574                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    150972816                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       25600530                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        33585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18851                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1988234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12140837                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6610596                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172563                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1465038                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        126880261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33661                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       119982092                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       167193                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15740181                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36272342                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4009                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206850188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156290670     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20335345      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10934918      5.29%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7556235      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6607892      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3392326      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       809597      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528214      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394991      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206850188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31781     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       112124     43.05%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116527     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100433533     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874942      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14701      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11094484      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6564432      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    119982092                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260432                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447241995                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142655257                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118000011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    120242524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303251                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2137481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          734                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       138239                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7350                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3236841                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2108173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126914027                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        43689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12140837                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6610596                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18849                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        92013                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041314                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1007312                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2048626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118220008                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10420270                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1762082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           16983292                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16546857                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6563022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524846                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            118002016                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           118000011                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        70140981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       183713788                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523869                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88655634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    108768762                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18146714                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29652                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1805581                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203613347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159185285     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20600206     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8633911      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5186208      2.55%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3595313      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2320672      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1203305      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969908      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1918539      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203613347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     88655634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    108768762                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             16475713                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10003356                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             14794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15566336                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        98059615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2212848                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1918539                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          328609686                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         257067866                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2680130                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              18396807                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          88655634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           108768762                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     88655634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.540696                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.540696                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393593                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393593                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      533295344                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     163772675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     118652888                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        29624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              225246993                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18577831                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15200037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1810271                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7651518                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7311752                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82464                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178819440                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            103902085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18577831                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9231434                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            21682350                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       4941259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4215558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10937737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1812224                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    207824718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      186142368     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1006103      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1602633      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2176082      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2234778      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1893960      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1067720      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1575630      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10125444      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    207824718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461281                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      177001687                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6048528                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        21644141                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        23349                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3107010                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3058882                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    127492523                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3107010                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      177483800                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1243209                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3694714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21191925                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1104057                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    127452458                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       149181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       482261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    177836648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    592936169                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    592936169                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    154226335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       23610313                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        31559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16398                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3287113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     11921989                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6467400                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75885                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1602575                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        127310286                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31672                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       120906454                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16579                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14059159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33679006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1096                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207824718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156619383     75.36%     75.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21092592     10.15%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10663547      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8025563      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6314696      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2562370      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1597386      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838319      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110862      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207824718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23325     11.64%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73812     36.84%     48.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103217     51.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101684186     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1807444      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15159      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10952537      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6447128      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    120906454                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536773                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200354                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449854559                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141401625                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119107991                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    121106808                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248214                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1903080                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          139                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          511                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93764                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3107010                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        993294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107173                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127342089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11921989                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6467400                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16400                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          511                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1052907                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018733                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2071640                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119251611                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10305751                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1654843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           16752643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16943956                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6446892                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            119108213                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           119107991                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        68368866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       184225177                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528788                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89903689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    110625145                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16716983                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30576                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1833182                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204717708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159299582     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22531478     11.01%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8490354      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4052472      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3437984      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1958112      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1697174      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774413      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2476139      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204717708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89903689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    110625145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16392545                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10018909                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15254                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15952200                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        99672009                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2278004                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2476139                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          329583073                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         257791323                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2706015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              17422275                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89903689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           110625145                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89903689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.505425                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.505425                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.399134                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.399134                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      536721234                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     165913612                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     118195747                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        30548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18264200                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14937770                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1780060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7521641                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7198782                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1877010                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        78836                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177133762                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            103679272                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18264200                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9075792                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21723758                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5185584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3105753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10892554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1794265                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    205329735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      183605977     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1180651      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1859628      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2962020      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1224597      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1366920      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1463187      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         952902      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10713853      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    205329735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081085                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460291                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      175496574                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      4755772                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21655955                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        55413                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3366018                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2993988                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          446                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    126602573                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2839                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3366018                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      175769289                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1519739                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2449501                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21444003                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       781182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126528957                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        21943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       217818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       294448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39980                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    175668468                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    588619548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    588619548                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    149857837                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25810590                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32157                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17663                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2342230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12051856                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6475947                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196005                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1473965                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126347937                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32245                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119528790                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147461                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16119816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35943852                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3022                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205329735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    154948819     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20212246      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11050079      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7542118      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7059994      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2026255      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1583529      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       535953      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370742      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205329735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27823     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87200     38.95%     51.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108840     48.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100131947     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1892123      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14489      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11045124      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6445107      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119528790                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530657                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223863                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444758639                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142501285                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117607161                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    119752653                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       359708                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2161260                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          280                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1319                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       188564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7468                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3366018                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1023702                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106900                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126380300                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12051856                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6475947                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17650                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78464                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1319                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1038646                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1017978                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2056624                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117828461                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10385995                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1700329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16829509                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16573811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6443514                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523108                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            117608100                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           117607161                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68762451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       179685183                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522125                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382683                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88027293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    107898055                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18482417                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29223                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1817802                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    201963717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158160658     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21214407     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8258058      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4449931      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3331888      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1859199      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1148213      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1025990      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2515373      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    201963717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88027293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    107898055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16177972                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9890592                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15488437                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        97223908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2191822                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2515373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          325828231                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         256127162                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2857062                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19917260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88027293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           107898055                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88027293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.558831                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.558831                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390803                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390803                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      531339560                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163023109                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     118075317                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        29196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18301377                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15009081                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1792326                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7734365                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7167959                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1879996                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80828                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174840186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            103966674                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18301377                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9047955                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            22881277                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5062398                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5791357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10765873                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1778522                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    206754976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      183873699     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2476520      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2867659      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1580622      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1834339      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1005768      0.49%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         677946      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1769087      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10669336      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    206754976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081250                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461567                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      173441046                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7217268                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        22701256                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       170053                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3225350                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      2968975                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        16808                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    126920551                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        83575                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3225350                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      173707169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2528425                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      3935264                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        22616364                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       742401                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    126842950                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       195321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       345071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           60                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    176293542                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    590598707                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    590598707                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    150830985                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       25462557                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        33564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18850                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1989358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12111317                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6599082                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172737                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1456781                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        126660917                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33643                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       119808727                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15632624                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36008757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4018                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206754976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156254632     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20326093      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10918409      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7542298      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6598092      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3384148      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       808301      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528016      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394987      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206754976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31866     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109524     42.48%     54.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116444     45.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100289477     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1872636      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14687      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11079246      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6552681      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    119808727                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531899                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            257834                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446794350                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142328331                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117839682                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    120066561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303708                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2117348                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          735                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1148                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       132788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7342                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3225350                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2096003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126694668                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12111317                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6599082                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91685                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1148                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041411                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1002516                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2043927                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118056072                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10408453                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1752655                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 108                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           16959685                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16524132                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6551232                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524118                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            117841568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           117839682                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        70050792                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       183417593                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523158                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381920                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88572385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    108666584                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18029300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29625                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1802701                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203529626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159141954     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20582370     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8621549      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5188351      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3590276      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2319823      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1198798      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968984      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1917521      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203529626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     88572385                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    108666584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16460263                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             9993969                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             14780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15551696                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        97967528                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2210774                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1917521                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          328307391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         256617177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2674363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              18492019                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          88572385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           108666584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     88572385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.543084                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.543084                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393223                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393223                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      532590117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     163558485                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     118467987                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        29598                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18581356                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15204520                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1811713                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7662681                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7309161                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918114                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82394                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178798287                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            103920422                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18581356                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9227275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21686643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4949145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4215197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10937993                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1813784                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    207813955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      186127312     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1009868      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1603946      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2172093      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2235964      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1893322      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1065511      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1572801      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10133138      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    207813955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082493                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461362                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      176978222                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6050638                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21647760                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        23863                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3113469                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3057980                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    127516308                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1908                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3113469                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      177465006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1250307                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      3685397                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21191027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1108746                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    127472483                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       150332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       483919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    177857723                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    593039128                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    593039128                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    154180887                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       23676836                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        31568                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3302059                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     11928045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6465125                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75976                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1548376                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        127320020                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31677                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       120889922                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14108715                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33807023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207813955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156657953     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21040373     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10647411      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8033867      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6324712      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2562819      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1597922      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838533      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110365      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207813955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23249     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74632     37.14%     48.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103076     51.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101672511     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1807259      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15154      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10949398      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6445600      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    120889922                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536699                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200957                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449811234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141460910                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119087120                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    121090879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248555                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1912113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          500                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3113469                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        999673                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107493                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127351828                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        35880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11928045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6465125                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16414                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90757                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          500                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1051390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1021826                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2073216                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119231778                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10303139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1658144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           16748469                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16939778                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6445330                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.529338                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            119087332                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           119087120                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        68363416                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       184238407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528696                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371060                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89877162                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    110592452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16759401                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30568                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1834620                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204700486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159331927     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22491945     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8489739      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4048260      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3417709      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1955291      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1711221      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       773520      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2480874      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204700486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     89877162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    110592452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16387678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10015932                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15250                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15947448                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        99642567                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2277324                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2480874                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          329570841                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         257817226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2706946                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              17433040                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          89877162                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           110592452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     89877162                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.506165                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.506165                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.399016                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.399016                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      536627283                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     165882791                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     118209560                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        30540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17516172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15807961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       917475                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6591012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6266012                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         968489                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40616                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185688147                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            110188034                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17516172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      7234501                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21791232                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       2878068                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      4400739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10657861                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       922096                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    213817805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      192026573     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         777915      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1593288      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         665859      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        3625620      1.70%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3222445      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         627712      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1305609      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9972784      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    213817805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077764                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489188                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      184645819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5454484                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21711795                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        68505                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      1937196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1535198                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          492                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    129203406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2738                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      1937196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      184833433                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3921168                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       947482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        21605672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       572848                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    129136720                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           90                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       243739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       208258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3416                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    151608071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    608255281                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    608255281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    134576919                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       17031140                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        14977                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7553                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1449363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     30474430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     15419052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       746631                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        128887612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15023                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       123969122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        63267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9865393                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23593997                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    213817805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169790370     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13165679      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10827701      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4676346      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5929767      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5747363      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3262253      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257006      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161320      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    213817805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314062     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2446622     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70919      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77762156     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082716      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7424      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29729913     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15386913     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    123969122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550370                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2831603                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464650919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138771173                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    122915320                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    126800725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1158496                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          495                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        90497                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10994                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      1937196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       3595521                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163662                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128902715                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1375                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30474430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15419052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7553                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           73                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       535269                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541001                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1076270                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123103546                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29629818                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       865576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           45015531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16127899                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         15385713                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546527                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            122919180                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           122915320                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        66377314                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       130755182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507646                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99891469                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    117388796                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11526431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14963                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       937593                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    211880609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169331041     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15513011      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7283516      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7205394      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1957608      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8383155      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626310      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456088      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1124486      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    211880609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99891469                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    117388796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             44644482                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            29315927                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7470                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15501934                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       104386564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1136978                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1124486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          339671051                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         259767860                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4072707                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              11429190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99891469                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           117388796                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99891469                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.254917                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.254917                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      608618823                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     142731075                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     153885036                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        14940                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17114650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15274746                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1359939                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11335307                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11157259                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026108                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180735186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             97198049                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17114650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12183367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21660575                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4471136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2727684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10931741                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1334908                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    208226983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      186566408     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3301475      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1662538      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3262264      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1048527      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3019104      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         476449      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         778167      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8112051      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    208226983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075982                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431518                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      178431866                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5072113                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21618101                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        17374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3087525                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1623237                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16014                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    108734032                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        30432                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3087525                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      178688264                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3083450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1206569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21383594                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       777577                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    108577738                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        84601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       628306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    142280965                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    492071241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    492071241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    115372161                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26908670                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        14570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1663781                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     19571461                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3184194                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20819                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       725866                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        108015421                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14621                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       101143713                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64916                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19507701                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39910120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208226983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163851422     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14032219      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14790957      7.10%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8625746      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4438662      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1113103      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318019      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30775      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26080      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208226983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169167     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69375     23.46%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57134     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79318022     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792748      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7198      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17868376     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3157369      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    101143713                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.449035                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295676                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410875001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127537998                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98583736                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    101439389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        79751                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3982424                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          264                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        79002                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3087525                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2055576                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        96221                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108030120                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19571461                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3184194                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7372                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2033                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          264                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       915636                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       526826                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1442462                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99866867                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17616648                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1276846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20773846                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       15181902                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3157198                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.443366                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             98606301                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            98583736                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        59643100                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       129925863                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437669                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.459055                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78504532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     88385279                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19649181                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14513                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1351382                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205139458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172233191     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12925283      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8306009      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2617781      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4339452      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846568      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537224      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       490957      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2842993      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205139458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     78504532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     88385279                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18694207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            15589026                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7242                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         13561172                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        77241824                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1105522                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2842993                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          310330639                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         219158972                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4015350                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              17020012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          78504532                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            88385279                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     78504532                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.869223                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.869223                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      464200045                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     128442033                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     115478506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        14498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18332699                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15031511                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1795314                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7746050                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7177487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1883939                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80799                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175082324                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            104147919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18332699                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9061426                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            22919520                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5076155                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5678668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10782555                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1781546                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    206933320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      184013800     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2482742      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2865895      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1582549      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1838397      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1004643      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         680500      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1775699      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10689095      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    206933320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      173685185                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7102628                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        22739139                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       170379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3235986                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      2977379                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        16826                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    127159400                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        83269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3235986                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      173951053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2528072                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      3821901                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        22654740                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       741565                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    127080607                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       194344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       345018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    176601761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    591706696                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    591706696                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    151033362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25568363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        33662                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1987939                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12143077                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6613668                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       174062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1462630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        126899188                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       120018855                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15714085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36197510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4090                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206933320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156353331     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20351700      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10935959      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7554264      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6609816      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3394505      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       810752      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527800      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395193      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206933320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31987     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       112161     42.85%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117599     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100456861     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1875474      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14707      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11104052      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6567761      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    120018855                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.532832                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            261747                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447401214                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142648181                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118035466                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    120280602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       305311                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2135706                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          695                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       138701                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7356                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3235986                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2095175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126933051                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        44727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12143077                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6613668                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18939                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91712                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043176                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1005551                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2048727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118257530                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10428014                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1761325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 108                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           16994214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16551857                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6566200                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.525013                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            118037422                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           118035466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        70156572                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       183740397                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.524027                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381824                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88691163                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    108812326                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18121903                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29665                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1805771                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203697334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159250522     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20608304     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8638467      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5189456      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3597145      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2320686      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1203005      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969312      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1920437      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203697334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88691163                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    108812326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16482333                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10007369                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             14800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15572573                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        98098885                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2213730                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1920437                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          328710528                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         257104526                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2679486                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              18313675                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88691163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           108812326                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88691163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.539678                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.539678                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393751                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393751                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      533474631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     163819690                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     118675145                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        29638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18573138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15197345                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1815358                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7694834                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7312936                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920518                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82892                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178917593                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            103856255                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18573138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9233454                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21676984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       4948161                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4206250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10945628                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1817188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    207910031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      186233047     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1006765      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1602007      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2175102      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2233965      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1894847      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1066779      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1578961      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10118558      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    207910031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082457                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      177100599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6038430                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21638815                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        23340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3108844                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3056872                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          363                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    127453486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1916                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3108844                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      177582704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1241244                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3686279                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21186366                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1104591                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    127412770                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       148688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       482807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    177783963                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    592745446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    592745446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    154215374                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       23568571                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        31730                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16569                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3290263                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     11928140                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6463703                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1544126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        127272454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31841                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       120890523                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16599                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14029946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33574180                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1264                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207910031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156744540     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21053303     10.13%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10648432      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8034244      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6319390      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2562940      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1596178      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       839736      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111268      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207910031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23557     11.76%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73729     36.80%     48.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103042     51.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101673981     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1805053      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15158      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10953158      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6443173      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    120890523                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536702                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449908004                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141334724                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119085878                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    121090851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       243389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1909966                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          487                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        90523                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3108844                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        992072                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107329                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127304428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11928140                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6463703                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16572                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90753                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          487                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1056295                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1019454                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2075749                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119229590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10304868                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1660933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           16747782                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16941463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6442914                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529328                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            119086094                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           119085878                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        68359124                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       184201104                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.528690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89897332                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    110617237                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16687214                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30577                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1838271                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204801187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159416945     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22500344     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8492893      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4052650      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3416552      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1958065      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1709188      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774904      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2479646      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204801187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     89897332                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    110617237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16391350                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10018170                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15254                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15951020                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        99664915                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2277839                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2479646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          329625368                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         257717808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2710324                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              17336964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          89897332                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           110617237                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     89897332                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.505603                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.505603                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.399106                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.399106                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      536627640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     165886629                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     118145136                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        30550                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       17102546                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15270159                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1358699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11364935                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11156065                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1025605                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40897                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180682200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             97154627                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          17102546                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12181670                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21659930                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4466699                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2723751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10928789                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1333931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    208166221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      186506291     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3300572      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1668364      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3267899      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1047999      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3018782      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         477090      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         770538      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        8108686      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    208166221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075928                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431325                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      178399943                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5046919                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21617724                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        17298                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3084333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1615937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        16008                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    108683633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        30416                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3084333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      178653558                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3064205                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1208155                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21385534                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       770432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    108528344                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        83898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       621892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    142234780                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    491883469                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    491883469                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    115353422                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26881338                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        14558                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7363                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1653582                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     19569253                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3182869                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20295                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       725355                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        107972856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14608                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       101104567                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64713                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19478791                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39901920                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208166221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163806703     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14021027      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14796802      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8620289      4.14%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4435468      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1111715      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1317177      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30760      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26280      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208166221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169311     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69633     23.52%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57136     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79282458     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792434      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7196      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17866338     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3156141      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    101104567                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.448861                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            296080                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410736146                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127466514                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98543380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    101400647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        79849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3981578                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78408                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3084333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2049123                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107987536                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19569253                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3182869                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7361                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2026                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       915483                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       525651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1441134                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99827044                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17614009                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1277521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  72                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20769977                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       15174374                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3155968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.443189                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             98565723                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            98543380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        59628391                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       129880207                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.437490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.459103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78493435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     88371826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19620208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14509                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1350145                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205081888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172181289     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12923105      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8305253      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2617582      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4337729      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       845421      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537088      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       490448      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2843973      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205081888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     78493435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     88371826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18692131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            15587670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         13559216                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        77229787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1105276                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2843973                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          310229663                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         219070837                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4014114                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              17080774                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          78493435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            88371826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     78493435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.869628                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.869628                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.348477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.348477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      464029541                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     128392682                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     115430974                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        14494                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       17088210                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15253019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1363257                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11414743                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11156005                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026901                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41295                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180637538                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             97026243                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          17088210                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     12182906                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21631517                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4466149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      2736865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10927893                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1338302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    208101157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      186469640     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3298214      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1660202      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3260012      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1048485      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3023220      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         476839      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         773753      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        8090792      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    208101157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075864                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430755                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      178343856                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5071524                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21589233                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        17303                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3079237                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1618248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        16001                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    108542557                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        30415                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3079237                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      178598598                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3081982                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1211672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21356143                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       773521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    108387086                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        84109                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       624851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    142042178                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    491202980                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    491202980                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    115236510                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26805668                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        14567                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7377                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1654118                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     19546096                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3174618                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20963                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       720943                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        107825931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       100992047                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64676                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19421041                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39737268                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208101157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163776692     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14027769      6.74%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14778835      7.10%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8599486      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4436646      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1110483      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1315061      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30695      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        25490      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208101157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169130     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69500     23.50%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57076     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79197844     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       791709      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7191      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17847972     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3147331      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    100992047                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448361                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295706                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410445633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127261860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98431001                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    101287753                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        77889                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3977243                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          276                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        72629                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3079237                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2059824                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95635                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107840627                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19546096                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3174618                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7374                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2092                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          276                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       921116                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       522819                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1443935                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99711256                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17591291                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1280791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           20738441                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       15159781                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3147150                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.442675                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             98454027                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            98431001                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        59556529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       129712174                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.436991                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.459144                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78409678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     88280106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19564978                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1354701                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205021920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172150253     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12915785      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8296077      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2612999      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4334608      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846637      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       535941      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491053      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2838567      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205021920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     78409678                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     88280106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18670842                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            15568853                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         13544861                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        77150480                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1104387                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2838567                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          310028151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         218771831                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4015486                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              17145838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          78409678                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            88280106                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     78409678                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.872694                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.872694                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348105                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348105                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      463474558                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     128254877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     115275532                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        14490                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              225246995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18265826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14940232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1781022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7509084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7197576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1876295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79027                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177155695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            103693528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18265826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9073871                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21725890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5189133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3104378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10894146                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1795122                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    205355059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      183629169     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1180645      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1858109      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2963534      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1225486      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1365661      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1462390      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         953620      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10716445      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    205355059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081092                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460355                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      175519349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      4753805                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21657657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        55590                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3368655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      2993168                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    126619790                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2854                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3368655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      175792199                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1519213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2447701                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21445451                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       781837                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    126546753                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        21918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       217763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       295005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39324                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    175695280                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    588705004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    588705004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    149868561                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25826719                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        32129                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17639                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2346486                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12054108                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6476576                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195736                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1471689                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        126367497                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32216                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       119537915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147025                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16131146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35987706                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2992                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205355059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    154969382     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20215064      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11049984      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7542836      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7060654      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2027115      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1584008      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       535992      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370024      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205355059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27756     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88065     39.19%     51.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108890     48.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100142296     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1892293      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14490      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11043113      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6445723      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    119537915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530697                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            224711                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444802625                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142532143                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117617333                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    119762626                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       360019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2162803                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          286                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1314                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       188749                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7491                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3368655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1021307                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126399828                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12054108                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6476576                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17617                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78528                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1314                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1039257                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1019478                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2058735                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117837589                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10385710                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1700326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           16829801                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16575298                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6444091                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523148                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            117618226                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           117617333                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        68771624                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       179720009                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522170                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382660                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88033498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    107905773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18494233                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1818716                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    201986404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158181116     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21216719     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8259303      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4445902      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3333330      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1858537      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1149644      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1025951      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2515902      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    201986404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     88033498                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    107905773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16179132                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             9891305                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             14580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15489581                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        97230843                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2191987                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2515902                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          325869923                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         256168854                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2858452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              19891936                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          88033498                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           107905773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     88033498                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.558651                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.558651                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      531376408                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     163039532                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     118090709                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        29198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         291688                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.942122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1790287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         324448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.517947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           248.495456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.114923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2586.829021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.216825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1021.127216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.318020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   998.257615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.951130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1697.789852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.088593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1726.212488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.338393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1259.556518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.439790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2152.434166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.050947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1689.176074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.633638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1231.983571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.638077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2636.046362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.661231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1616.991825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.872170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1674.553599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     4.138773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1217.617501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.211585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1608.643987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.977703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1619.724211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.183677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2163.625523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           485.110629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           268.090284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           272.713689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           328.254640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           375.926948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           278.269833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           382.962920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           304.094780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           292.426510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           370.381470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           357.174176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           430.742764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           335.489795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           362.668969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           317.952543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           397.781712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.078944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.031162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.030464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.051812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.052680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.038439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.065687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.051550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.037597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.080446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.049347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.051103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.037159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.049092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.049430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.066029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.014804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.008181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.008323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.011472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.008492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.008924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.011303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.013145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.011068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.009703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.012139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        37816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        23935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  499496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           164411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                164411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1874                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        37934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        24071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   501370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32166                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        37934                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        24071                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  501370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        26257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                291475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        26257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 291528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17886                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        26257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12931                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29335                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17581                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17909                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25944                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                291528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5781313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4478027934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5763280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1629872866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6191901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1630158927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5476823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2895486016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5707680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2770475306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6506131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2076679902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5993903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4236765054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5558397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2933385003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6560855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2076634651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6136149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4705890402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5286961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2772269598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5714822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2712576767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6450789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1990859822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5243814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2810870381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5316914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2861434554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5910990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4185018563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46860006468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1249309                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1283362                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1134512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       625503                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1114193                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1708798                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1179466                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8295143                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5781313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4478027934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5763280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1629872866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6191901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1630158927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5476823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2896735325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5707680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2771758668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6506131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2076679902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5993903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4236765054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5558397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2934519515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6560855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2076634651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6136149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4706515905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5286961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2773383791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5714822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2714285565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6450789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1990859822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5243814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2812049847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5316914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2861434554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5910990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4185018563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      46868301611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5781313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4478027934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5763280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1629872866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6191901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1630158927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5476823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2896735325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5707680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2771758668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6506131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2076679902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5993903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4236765054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5558397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2934519515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6560855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2076634651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6136149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4706515905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5286961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2773383791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5714822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2714285565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6450789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1990859822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5243814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2812049847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5316914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2861434554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5910990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4185018563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     46868301611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        32547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        32573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        49081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        49157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              790971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       164411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            164411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        32735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        32763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        49226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        49220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               792898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        32735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        32763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        49226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        49220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              792898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.388128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.310720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.310196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.364003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.409798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.369899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.341595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.364322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.368503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.054795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.054795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.048276                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.057971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.114754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.074324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.027504                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.387757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.308935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.308397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.409045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.368951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.363856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.404503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.367674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.387757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.308935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.308397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.409045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.368951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.363856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.404503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.367674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152139.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160049.606276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151665.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 161166.109562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158766.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161337.977732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152133.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161958.049894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154261.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161186.601466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158686.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160077.075619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149847.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161357.544807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154399.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161574.497549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156210.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160593.507927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153403.725000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160440.844226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151056.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 159757.367487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158745.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161848.255788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157336.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160320.488162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 145661.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159953.928242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151911.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159776.344520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151563.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161309.688676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160768.527208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 156163.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 160420.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162073.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 156375.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 159170.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 155345.272727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 147433.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156512.132075                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152139.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160049.606276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151665.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 161166.109562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158766.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161337.977732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152133.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161955.458180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154261.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161186.244941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158686.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160077.075619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149847.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161357.544807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154399.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161574.689737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156210.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160593.507927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153403.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160440.289927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151056.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 159757.130818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158745.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161843.990519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157336.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160320.488162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 145661.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159948.230874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151911.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159776.344520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151563.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161309.688676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160767.753392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152139.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160049.606276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151665.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 161166.109562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158766.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161337.977732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152133.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161955.458180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154261.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161186.244941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158686.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160077.075619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149847.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161357.544807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154399.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161574.689737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156210.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160593.507927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153403.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160440.289927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151056.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 159757.130818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158745.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161843.990519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157336.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160320.488162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 145661.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159948.230874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151911.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159776.344520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151563.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161309.688676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160767.753392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                86019                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     86019                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        26257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           291475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        26257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            291528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        26257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           291528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3572486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2849201766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3554707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1040965861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3920743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1041821745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3380411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1854286215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3554795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1769382892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4122884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1321214322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3663755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2707856548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3467622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1875976142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4123409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1323583932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3809464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2998560181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3246790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1761492989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3623762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1736493624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4069596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1267781378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3152053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1787218312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3279545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1818318705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3643684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2674271717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29886612035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       783719                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       817757                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       726506                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       393346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       706707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1067314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       714298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5209647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3572486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2849201766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3554707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1040965861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3920743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1041821745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3380411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1855069934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3554795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1770200649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4122884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1321214322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3663755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2707856548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3467622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1876702648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4123409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1323583932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3809464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2998953527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3246790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1762199696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3623762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1737560938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4069596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1267781378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3152053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1787932610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3279545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1818318705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3643684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2674271717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29891821682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3572486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2849201766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3554707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1040965861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3920743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1041821745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3380411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1855069934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3554795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1770200649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4122884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1321214322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3663755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2707856548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3467622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1876702648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4123409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1323583932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3809464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2998953527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3246790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1762199696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3623762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1737560938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4069596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1267781378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3152053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1787932610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3279545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1818318705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3643684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2674271717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29891821682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.388128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.310720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.310196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.364003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.409798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.369899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.341595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.364322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.054795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.054795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.048276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.057971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.114754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.074324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.387757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.308935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.308397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.409045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.368951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.363856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.404503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.367674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.387757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.308935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.308397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.409045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.368951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.363856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.404503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94012.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101833.581114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93544.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102933.438248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100531.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103109.832245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93900.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103718.884383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96075.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102942.919013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100558.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101843.391814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91593.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103128.938873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96322.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103331.101184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98176.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102357.430361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95236.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102231.774607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92765.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101509.421368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100660.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103609.404773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99258.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102092.235304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 87557.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101702.515905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93701.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101531.001452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93427.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103078.619989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102535.764765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97964.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102219.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103786.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98336.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100958.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97028.545455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89287.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98295.226415                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94012.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101833.581114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93544.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102933.438248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100531.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103109.832245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93900.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103716.310746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96075.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102942.582519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100558.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101843.391814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91593.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103128.938873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96322.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103331.276732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98176.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102357.430361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95236.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102231.243463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92765.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101509.199078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100660.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103605.088426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99258.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102092.235304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 87557.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101696.866504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93701.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101531.001452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93427.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103078.619989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102534.993832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94012.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101833.581114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93544.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102933.438248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100531.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103109.832245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93900.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103716.310746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96075.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102942.582519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100558.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101843.391814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91593.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103128.938873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96322.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103331.276732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98176.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102357.430361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95236.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102231.243463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92765.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101509.199078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100660.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103605.088426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99258.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102092.235304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 87557.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101696.866504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93701.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101531.001452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93427.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103078.619989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102534.993832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              578.650823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010681545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1736566.228522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.621022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.029801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10673655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10673655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10673655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10673655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10673655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10673655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8129761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8129761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8129761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8129761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8129761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8129761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10673706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10673706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10673706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10673706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10673706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10673706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159407.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159407.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159407.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159407.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159407.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159407.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6762284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6762284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6762284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6762284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6762284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6762284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173391.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173391.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173391.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173391.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173391.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173391.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432108976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                72412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5967.366956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.877949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.122051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27994861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27994861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43324785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43324785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       255564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       255564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30303330671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30303330671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     19767869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     19767869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30323098540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30323098540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30323098540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30323098540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28250198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28250198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43580349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43580349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43580349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43580349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118679.747436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118679.747436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87083.123348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87083.123348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118651.682318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118651.682318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118651.682318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118651.682318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           14088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7841906866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7841906866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4888644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4888644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7846795510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7846795510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7846795510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7846795510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108783.925895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108783.925895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70849.913043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70849.913043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108747.651062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108747.651062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108747.651062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108747.651062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              494.176968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              984607150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1989105.353535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    39.176968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11023589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11023589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11023589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11023589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11023589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11023589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7972150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7972150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7972150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7972150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7972150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7972150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11023639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11023639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11023639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11023639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11023639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11023639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       159443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       159443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       159443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       159443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       159443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       159443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6563282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6563282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6563282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6563282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6563282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6563282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164082.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164082.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164082.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164082.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164082.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164082.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                32735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              158106481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                32991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4792.412506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.266336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.733664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.911197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.088803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8796544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8796544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6533125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6533125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15329669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15329669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15329669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15329669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        84122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        84122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        86033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        86033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        86033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        86033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9106403975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9106403975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    126923674                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    126923674                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9233327649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9233327649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9233327649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9233327649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8880666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8880666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6535036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6535036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15415702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15415702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15415702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15415702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108252.347483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108252.347483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66417.411826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66417.411826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107323.092871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107323.092871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107323.092871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107323.092871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       129561                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 18508.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        51575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        53298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        53298                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53298                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3232282817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3232282817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14318109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14318109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3246600926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3246600926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3246600926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3246600926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99311.236581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99311.236581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 76160.154255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76160.154255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99178.277868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99178.277868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99178.277868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99178.277868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.314898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              984606531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1985093.812500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    40.314898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.064607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11022970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11022970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11022970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11022970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11022970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11022970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8582727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8582727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8582727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8582727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8582727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8582727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11023020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11023020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11023020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11023020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11023020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11023020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171654.540000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171654.540000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171654.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171654.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171654.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171654.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7106776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7106776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7106776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7106776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7106776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7106776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       173336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       173336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       173336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                32763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              158101524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                33019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4788.198431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.253935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.746065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8791111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8791111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6533475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6533475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17051                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17051                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15324586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15324586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15324586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15324586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        84042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        84042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        85932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        85932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        85932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        85932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9077596479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9077596479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    125280858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    125280858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9202877337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9202877337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9202877337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9202877337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8875153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8875153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6535365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6535365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17051                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17051                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15410518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15410518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15410518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15410518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108012.618441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108012.618441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66286.168254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66286.168254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107094.881267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107094.881267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107094.881267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107094.881267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       248952                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35564.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        51469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        53169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        53169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3235731459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3235731459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14307800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14307800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3250039259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3250039259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3250039259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3250039259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99337.839898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99337.839898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 75304.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75304.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99198.463480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99198.463480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99198.463480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99198.463480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.836248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              982448343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1892964.052023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.836248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.057430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10769002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10769002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10769002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10769002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10769002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10769002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7338888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7338888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7338888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7338888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7338888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7338888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10769047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10769047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10769047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10769047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10769047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10769047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163086.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163086.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163086.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163086.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163086.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163086.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6156160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6156160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6156160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6156160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6156160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6156160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166382.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166382.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166382.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166382.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166382.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166382.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                49261                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166446744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                49517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3361.406063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.020932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.979068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7591510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7591510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6428619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6428619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14020129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14020129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14020129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14020129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       169089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3746                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3746                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       172835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       172835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       172835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       172835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22012028492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22012028492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    471178991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471178991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22483207483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22483207483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22483207483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22483207483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7760599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7760599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6432365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6432365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        14792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14192964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14192964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14192964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14192964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130180.132900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130180.132900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125781.898292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125781.898292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130084.806220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130084.806220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130084.806220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130084.806220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           16667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       119974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       123574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       123574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        49115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        49261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        49261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5185998018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5185998018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10605769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10605769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5196603787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5196603787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5196603787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5196603787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105588.883600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105588.883600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72642.253425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72642.253425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105491.236211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105491.236211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105491.236211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105491.236211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.902437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              982458767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1889343.782692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.902437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.059139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10779426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10779426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10779426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10779426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10779426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10779426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8495150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8495150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8495150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8495150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8495150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8495150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10779475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10779475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10779475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10779475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10779475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10779475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173370.408163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173370.408163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173370.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173370.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173370.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173370.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6779837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6779837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6779837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6779837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6779837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6779837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178416.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178416.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178416.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178416.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178416.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178416.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                49362                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166469855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                49618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3355.029526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.024021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.975979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7606223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7606223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6436934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6436934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15992                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15992                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14043157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14043157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14043157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14043157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       169054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       172794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       172794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       172794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       172794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21881103639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21881103639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    468833849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    468833849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22349937488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22349937488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22349937488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22349937488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7775277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7775277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6440674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6440674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15992                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15992                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14215951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14215951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14215951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14215951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129432.628858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129432.628858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125356.644118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125356.644118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129344.407144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129344.407144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129344.407144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129344.407144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17380                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           17380                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       119838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       123432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       123432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5107199244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5107199244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10577041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10577041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5117776285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5117776285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5117776285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5117776285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103771.115979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103771.115979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72445.486301                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72445.486301                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103678.462886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103678.462886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103678.462886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103678.462886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              516.894366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              981388051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1894571.527027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    41.894366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.067138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10937689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10937689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10937689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10937689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10937689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10937689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9951628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9951628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9951628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9951628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9951628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9951628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10937737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10937737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10937737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10937737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10937737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10937737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207325.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 207325.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207325.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 207325.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207325.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 207325.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8942099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8942099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8942099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8942099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8942099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8942099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207955.790698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207955.790698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207955.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207955.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207955.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207955.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                36484                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              160520746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                36740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4369.100327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.744261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.255739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7534294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7534294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6343574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6343574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15274                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15274                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13877868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       13877868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13877868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      13877868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       116691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       117451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       117451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       117451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       117451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14366795243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14366795243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     66444587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66444587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14433239830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14433239830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14433239830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14433239830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7650985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7650985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6344334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6344334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15274                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15274                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     13995319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13995319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     13995319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13995319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123118.280270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123118.280270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87427.088158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87427.088158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122887.330291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122887.330291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122887.330291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122887.330291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        80967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        80967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3776814265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3776814265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9002157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9002157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3785816422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3785816422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3785816422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3785816422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103895.638892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103895.638892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 68198.159091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68198.159091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103766.484541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103766.484541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103766.484541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103766.484541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              529.799812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              986996018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1858749.563089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.799812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.849038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10892503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10892503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10892503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10892503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10892503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10892503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7845806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7845806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7845806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7845806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7845806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7845806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10892554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10892554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10892554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10892554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10892554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10892554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153839.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153839.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153839.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153839.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153839.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153839.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6547376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6547376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6547376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6547376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6547376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6547376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159692.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159692.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159692.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159692.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159692.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159692.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                64191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              175154752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                64447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2717.810790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.294359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.705641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7553869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7553869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6257176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6257176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14598                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14598                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13811045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13811045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13811045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13811045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       162943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          712                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          712                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       163655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       163655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       163655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       163655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19841469040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19841469040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61275049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61275049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19902744089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19902744089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19902744089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19902744089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7716812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7716812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6257888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6257888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17484                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17484                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14598                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14598                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13974700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13974700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13974700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13974700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121769.385859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121769.385859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86060.462079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86060.462079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121614.030057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121614.030057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121614.030057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121614.030057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        98870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7049389166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7049389166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7892523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7892523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7057281689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7057281689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7057281689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7057281689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110021.212773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110021.212773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66885.788136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66885.788136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109941.918478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109941.918478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109941.918478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109941.918478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.556074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              982445167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1892957.932563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.556074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10765826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10765826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10765826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10765826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10765826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10765826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7983567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7983567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7983567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7983567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7983567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7983567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10765873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10765873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10765873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10765873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10765873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10765873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169863.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169863.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169863.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169863.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169863.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169863.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6475947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6475947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6475947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6475947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6475947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6475947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175025.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175025.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175025.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175025.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175025.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175025.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                49226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166453860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                49482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3363.927489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.022511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.977489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7596267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7596267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6430920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6430920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14799                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14799                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14027187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       14027187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14027187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      14027187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       168937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3718                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3718                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       172655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       172655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       172655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       172655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21975363826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21975363826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    474262392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    474262392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22449626218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22449626218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22449626218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22449626218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7765204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7765204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6434638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6434638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        14799                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14799                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14199842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14199842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14199842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14199842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130080.230062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130080.230062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 127558.470145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127558.470145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130025.925794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130025.925794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130025.925794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130025.925794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           16398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       119856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       123429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       123429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        49081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        49226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        49226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5204917055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5204917055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10441155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10441155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5215358210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5215358210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5215358210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5215358210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106047.494040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106047.494040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72007.965517                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72007.965517                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105947.227278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105947.227278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105947.227278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105947.227278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.057203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              981388306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1890921.591522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    43.057203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.069002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10937944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10937944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10937944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10937944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10937944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10937944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9623756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9623756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9623756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9623756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9623756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9623756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10937993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10937993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10937993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10937993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10937993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10937993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 196403.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196403.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 196403.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196403.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 196403.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196403.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8501561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8501561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8501561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8501561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8501561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8501561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 193217.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193217.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 193217.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193217.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 193217.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193217.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                36480                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              160516404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                36736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4369.457861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.745988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.254012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7531839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7531839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6341680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6341680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15270                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15270                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13873519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       13873519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13873519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      13873519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       116901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       117673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       117673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       117673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       117673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14400018850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14400018850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67538477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67538477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14467557327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14467557327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14467557327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14467557327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7648740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7648740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6342452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6342452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     13991192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13991192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     13991192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13991192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123181.314531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123181.314531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 87485.073834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87485.073834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122947.127438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122947.127438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122947.127438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122947.127438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        80554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          639                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          639                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        81193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        81193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3778302634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3778302634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9002121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9002121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3787304755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3787304755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3787304755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3787304755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103950.879963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103950.879963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67685.120301                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67685.120301                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103818.661047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103818.661047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103818.661047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103818.661047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              579.800865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1010665697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1730591.946918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.771018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.029848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.062133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10657807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10657807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10657807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10657807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10657807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10657807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9145337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9145337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9145337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9145337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9145337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9145337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10657861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10657861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10657861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10657861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10657861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10657861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169358.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169358.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169358.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169358.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169358.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169358.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7273862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7273862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7273862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7273862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7273862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7273862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177411.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177411.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177411.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177411.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177411.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177411.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                72014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              432060046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                72270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5978.414916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.878335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.121665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     27962711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27962711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15313162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15313162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7477                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7477                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     43275873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       43275873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     43275873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      43275873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       254792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       254792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       255021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       255021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       255021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       255021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30604642218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30604642218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21314127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21314127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30625956345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30625956345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30625956345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30625956345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     28217503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28217503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15313391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15313391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     43530894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43530894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     43530894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43530894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120116.181897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120116.181897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93074.790393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93074.790393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120091.899667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120091.899667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120091.899667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120091.899667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           11961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       182847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       182847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       183007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       183007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        71945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7983961501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7983961501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5233066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5233066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7989194567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7989194567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7989194567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7989194567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110973.125318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110973.125318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75841.536232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75841.536232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110939.464090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110939.464090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110939.464090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110939.464090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.563026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              898747543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1596354.428064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.364479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.198547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.055071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10931696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10931696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10931696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10931696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10931696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10931696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7061880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7061880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7061880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7061880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7061880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7061880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10931741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10931741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10931741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10931741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10931741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10931741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156930.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156930.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156930.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156930.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156930.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156930.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5819449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5819449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5819449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5819449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5819449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5819449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161651.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161651.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161651.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161651.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161651.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161651.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                49247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              216604959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                49503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4375.592570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   200.137940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    55.862060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.781789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.218211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16089021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16089021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3090236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3090236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19179257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19179257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19179257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19179257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       171552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       171845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       171845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       171845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       171845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19279450834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19279450834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     30811908                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30811908                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19310262742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19310262742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19310262742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19310262742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16260573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16260573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3090529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3090529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19351102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19351102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19351102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19351102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112382.547764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112382.547764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105160.095563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105160.095563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112370.233303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112370.233303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112370.233303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112370.233303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            5757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       122366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       122598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       122598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5090754624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5090754624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4719089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4719089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5095473713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5095473713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5095473713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5095473713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103500.073680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103500.073680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 77362.114754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77362.114754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103467.697789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103467.697789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103467.697789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103467.697789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.220695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              982461848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1892990.073218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.220695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.058046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10782507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10782507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10782507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10782507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10782507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10782507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8834350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8834350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8834350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8834350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8834350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8834350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10782555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10782555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10782555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10782555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10782555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10782555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 184048.958333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184048.958333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 184048.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184048.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 184048.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184048.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6925529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6925529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6925529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 187176.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187176.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 187176.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187176.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 187176.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187176.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                49248                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              166476682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                49504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3362.893544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.024321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.975679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.914158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.085842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7610414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7610414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6439529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6439529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16026                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16026                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14819                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14819                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14049943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14049943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14049943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14049943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       169562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       173299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       173299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       173299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       173299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21849330076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21849330076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    466100460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    466100460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22315430536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22315430536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22315430536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22315430536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7779976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7779976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6443266                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6443266                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16026                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16026                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        14819                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14819                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14223242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14223242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14223242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14223242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 128857.468513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128857.468513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124725.838908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124725.838908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 128768.374520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128768.374520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 128768.374520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128768.374520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           17344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       120462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       120462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       124051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       124051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       124051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       124051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5065444467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5065444467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11097305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11097305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5076541772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5076541772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5076541772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5076541772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103165.875092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103165.875092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 74981.790541                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74981.790541                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103081.176332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103081.176332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103081.176332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103081.176332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              517.210232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              981395941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1894586.758687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    42.210232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.067645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10945579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10945579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10945579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10945579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10945579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10945579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10006108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10006108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10006108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10006108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10006108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10006108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10945628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10945628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10945628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10945628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10945628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10945628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 204206.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204206.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 204206.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 204206.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 204206.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 204206.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8966800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8966800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8966800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8966800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8966800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8966800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 208530.232558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208530.232558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 208530.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208530.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 208530.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208530.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              160524561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                36745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4368.609634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.744128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.255872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7538430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7538430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6343085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6343085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16454                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16454                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15275                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15275                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13881515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       13881515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13881515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      13881515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       116506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          793                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          793                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       117299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       117299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       117299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       117299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14218228215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14218228215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     69478718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69478718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14287706933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14287706933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14287706933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14287706933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7654936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7654936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6343878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6343878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16454                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16454                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15275                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15275                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     13998814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13998814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     13998814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13998814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122038.592133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122038.592133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 87615.029004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87615.029004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121805.871602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121805.871602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121805.871602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121805.871602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        80153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        80810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        80810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        80810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        80810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3724415260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3724415260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9271400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9271400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3733686660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3733686660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3733686660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3733686660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102451.386681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102451.386681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68172.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68172.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102323.622462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102323.622462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102323.622462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102323.622462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              560.505115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              898744593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1593518.781915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.347155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.157960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.056646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10928746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10928746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10928746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10928746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10928746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10928746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7010861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7010861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7010861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7010861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7010861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7010861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10928789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10928789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10928789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10928789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10928789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10928789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163043.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163043.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163043.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163043.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163043.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163043.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5924223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5924223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5924223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5924223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5924223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5924223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160114.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160114.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160114.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160114.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160114.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160114.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                49254                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              216602360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                49510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4374.921430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   200.222422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    55.777578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.782119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.217881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16087169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16087169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3089497                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3089497                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19176666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       19176666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19176666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      19176666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       171195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       171511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       171511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       171511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       171511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19322895379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19322895379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     33288410                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33288410                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19356183789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19356183789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19356183789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19356183789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16258364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16258364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3089813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3089813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7247                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7247                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19348177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19348177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19348177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19348177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112870.676007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112870.676007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105343.069620                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105343.069620                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112856.806788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112856.806788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112856.806788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112856.806788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            5600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       122005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       122257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       122257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5116161013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5116161013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5062940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5062940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5121223953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5121223953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5121223953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5121223953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104008.152328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104008.152328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79108.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79108.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103975.797966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103975.797966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103975.797966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103975.797966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              560.186247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              898743696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1596347.595027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.153243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.033004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.054733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10927849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10927849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10927849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10927849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10927849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10927849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6815045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6815045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6815045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6815045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6815045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6815045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10927893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10927893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10927893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10927893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10927893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10927893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154887.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154887.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154887.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154887.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154887.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154887.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5818467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5818467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5818467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5818467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5818467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5818467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161624.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161624.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161624.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161624.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161624.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161624.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                49220                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              216579109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                49476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4377.457939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   200.227857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    55.772143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.782140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.217860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16066365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16066365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3087042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3087042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19153407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       19153407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19153407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      19153407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       171640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       171946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       171946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       171946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       171946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19474576227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19474576227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     26792366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26792366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19501368593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19501368593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19501368593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19501368593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16238005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16238005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3087348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3087348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7245                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7245                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19325353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19325353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19325353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19325353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113461.758489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113461.758489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87556.751634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87556.751634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113415.657201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113415.657201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113415.657201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113415.657201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            5788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       122483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       122726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       122726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        49157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        49220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        49220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5147082380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5147082380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4225927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4225927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5151308307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5151308307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5151308307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5151308307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104707.007751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104707.007751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67078.206349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67078.206349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104658.844108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104658.844108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104658.844108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104658.844108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.148702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              986997609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1862259.639623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.148702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10894094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10894094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10894094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10894094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10894094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10894094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8087708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8087708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8087708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8087708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8087708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8087708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10894146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10894146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10894146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10894146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10894146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10894146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155532.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155532.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155532.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155532.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155532.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155532.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6552258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6552258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6552258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163806.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163806.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163806.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163806.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163806.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163806.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                64138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              175154674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                64394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2720.046495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.289528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.710472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.915193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.084807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7553384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7553384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6257614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6257614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17452                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17452                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13810998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       13810998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13810998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      13810998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       162679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       163398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       163398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       163398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       163398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19769343711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19769343711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61763728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61763728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19831107439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19831107439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19831107439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19831107439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7716063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7716063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6258333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6258333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17452                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17452                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     13974396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13974396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     13974396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13974396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121523.636800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121523.636800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85902.264256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85902.264256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121366.892122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121366.892122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121366.892122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121366.892122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        98660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        99260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        99260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7013606972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7013606972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7939417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7939417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7021546389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7021546389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7021546389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7021546389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109555.084772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109555.084772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66717.789916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66717.789916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109475.605554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109475.605554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109475.605554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109475.605554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
