
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001030                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1030384899                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398758736154                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 313351                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   405365                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  27337                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37691.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11810804238                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15278992700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        75392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        48768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        72832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        71424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        22400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        18304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        25216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        18560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               573568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       249088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            249088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3354086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13789022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3354086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     18385363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3354086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17888461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1614930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     73168774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1739156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     47329886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1614930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     70684266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1614930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     69317786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1863381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21242547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1863381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21739449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3354086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17764235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1614930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24472408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1614930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24845085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3354086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17888461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3354086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     18012686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3354086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     14782825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1739156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     46584534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               556654121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3354086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3354086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3354086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1614930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1739156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1614930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1614930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1863381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1863381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3354086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1614930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1614930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3354086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3354086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3354086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1739156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38758332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         241742673                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              241742673                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         241742673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3354086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13789022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3354086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     18385363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3354086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17888461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1614930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     73168774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1739156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     47329886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1614930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     70684266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1614930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     69317786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1863381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21242547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1863381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21739449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3354086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17764235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1614930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24472408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1614930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24845085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3354086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17888461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3354086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     18012686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3354086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     14782825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1739156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     46584534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              798396794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224936                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187279                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21770                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79950                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23756                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942271                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1233546                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224936                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103706                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256281                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        59767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          121958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20705                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2297952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2041671     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15486      0.67%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19657      0.86%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31410      1.37%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12747      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16758      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19487      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9135      0.40%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131601      5.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2297952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.091032                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.499220                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1930850                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        72574                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254985                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          121                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34068                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1506916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1933308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        61232                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1496705                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2090913                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6955715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6955715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         372061                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21617                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141576                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          788                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16061                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389190                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1826                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195822                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       415631                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2297952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1711051     74.46%     74.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266009     11.58%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110172      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61728      2.69%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82853      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26215      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25406      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13414      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1104      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2297952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9729     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.95%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170222     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18825      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127900      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72073      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389190                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.562209                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12334                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5090492                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1655431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351148                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1545                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4152                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          486                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141576                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          404                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12122                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12715                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363898                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125339                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197377                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192427                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            72038                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.551974                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1351179                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1351148                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2174719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546814                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2258536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736450     76.88%     76.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264927     11.73%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95960      4.25%     92.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47846      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43683      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18441      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18174      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8701      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24354      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2258536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24354                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3693751                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958597                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30755                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                172996                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.470936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.470936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.404705                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.404705                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6134189                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889887                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1392061                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         203227                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166247                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21490                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20519                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1949283                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1137583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            203227                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        98036                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              235981                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         59434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        47194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          120726                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21354                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2270155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2034174     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          10862      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17061      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          22996      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          23984      1.06%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          20711      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11074      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17166      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         112127      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2270155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082247                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1929525                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        67415                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          235372                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37465                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33278                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1393758                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37465                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1935233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         14809                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        40091                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          230054                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12499                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1392489                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1945415                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6472893                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6472893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1656946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         288466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           39416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       131047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        69706                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          838                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        34466                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1389695                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          335                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311027                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          249                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       169800                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       410304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2270155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1701999     74.97%     74.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245157     10.80%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119604      5.27%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82171      3.62%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65557      2.89%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27788      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17431      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9189      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1259      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2270155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     12.40%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          873     37.07%     49.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1103198     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118793      9.06%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69409      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311027                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530577                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4894813                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1559845                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289343                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313382                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2854                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37465                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         11872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1207                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1390037                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69706                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11617                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12712                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24329                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291439                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             181157                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         183087                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            69394                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522649                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1289414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1289343                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          741412                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1996848                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521801                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       965734                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1188332                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201714                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21538                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2232690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.358653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1733238     77.63%     77.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253508     11.35%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89975      4.03%     93.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44013      1.97%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42863      1.92%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21418      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14253      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8601      0.39%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24821      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2232690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       965734                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1188332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               176159                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              107672                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           171342                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1070688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        24470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24821                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3597902                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2817566                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 31265                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                200793                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            965734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1188332                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       965734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.558622                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.558622                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5809950                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1798515                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1291835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         203546                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21649                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81929                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77595                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20478                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          985                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1950584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1138386                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            203546                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        98073                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              235995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        46577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          120948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2271249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2035254     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10899      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16819      0.74%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          22891      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          24186      1.06%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20681      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          11026      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17427      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         112066      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2271249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082376                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460708                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1930837                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        66773                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          235417                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          358                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37860                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        33301                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1394898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37860                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1936549                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         14235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        40047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          230083                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12471                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1393581                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1945823                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6477264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6477264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1654713                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         291110                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           39131                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       131136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        69655                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          849                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        33092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1390909                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172062                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417424                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2271249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1704591     75.05%     75.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242590     10.68%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120584      5.31%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82438      3.63%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65537      2.89%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27459      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17639      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9158      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1253      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2271249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     13.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          872     36.79%     49.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1103117     84.18%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19443      1.48%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118384      9.03%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69373      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530355                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2370                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001808                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4894837                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1563333                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289025                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1312849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23640                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1293                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37860                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         11402                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1391264                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69655                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          995                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11746                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12800                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291055                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111479                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             180840                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         183022                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            69361                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522494                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1289104                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1289025                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          740863                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1996132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521672                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371149                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       964383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1186611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204657                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          330                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21696                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2233389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.358684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1735482     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252236     11.29%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90081      4.03%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43057      1.93%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43555      1.95%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21394      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14228      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8364      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24992      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2233389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       964383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1186611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               175858                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              107496                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           171072                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1069126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24422                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        24992                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3599652                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2820404                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31396                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                199699                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            964383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1186611                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       964383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.562206                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.562206                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390289                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390289                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5807701                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1797839                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1292422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          330                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         192824                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157355                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20364                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79172                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73202                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19167                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1865118                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1139655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            192824                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        92369                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              233757                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         63785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        62597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          116534                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2204166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1970409     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          12327      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          19528      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          29386      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12343      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          14503      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          15153      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          10837      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         119680      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2204166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.078036                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461222                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1842062                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        86333                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          232055                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        42378                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        31210                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1381726                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        42378                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1846731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         39895                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        32216                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          228830                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        14113                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1378408                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         7082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1115                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1886913                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6424999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6424999                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1554105                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         332787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           41560                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       139257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        76927                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3834                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14823                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1373439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1280983                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       211636                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       490076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2204166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1659073     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220505     10.00%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122173      5.54%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80594      3.66%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73493      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22742      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16178      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5664      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3744      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2204166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           362     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1324     41.83%     53.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1479     46.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055079     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23622      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126651      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75490      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1280983                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.518418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3165                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002471                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4771295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1585434                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1257523                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284148                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6008                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29292                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4945                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1018                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        42378                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         29419                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1620                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1373734                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76927                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          930                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10945                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12570                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        23515                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1262219                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119823                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18760                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             195192                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         171201                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            75369                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.510824                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1257627                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1257523                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          744454                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1889821                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.508923                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.393928                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930986                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1135378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239526                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20726                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2161788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1701780     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       218993     10.13%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90828      4.20%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46753      2.16%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34693      1.60%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19776      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12317      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10268      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26380      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2161788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       930986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1135378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               181944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              109962                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           157687                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1026497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        22158                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3510312                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2792207                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 33280                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                266782                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            930986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1135378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       930986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.654119                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.654119                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.376773                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.376773                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5728128                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1719180                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1308602                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         192324                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12074                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72680                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66608                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10501                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          548                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2018749                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1207264                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            192324                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        77109                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              237961                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         38529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        48807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          117816                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11932                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2331701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2093740     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           8388      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17374      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           6980      0.30%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          38893      1.67%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          34888      1.50%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6378      0.27%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          14214      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         110846      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2331701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488583                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2006680                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        61308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          236944                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          785                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        25978                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        16861                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1415394                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1252                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        25978                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2009451                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         42058                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        11954                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          235074                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1413453                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         2732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          135                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1668558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6651995                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6651995                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1436966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         231575                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           20016                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       329935                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       165315                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1524                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408334                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340670                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134574                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       327736                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2331701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1855192     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142883      6.13%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117115      5.02%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50392      2.16%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64449      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61790      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35232      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2941      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1707      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2331701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3472     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26150     85.97%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          797      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845255     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11682      0.87%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318988     23.79%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164665     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340670                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542573                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30419                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022689                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5044456                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326631                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1617                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          121                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        25978                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         38494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1798                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408502                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329935                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165315                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1235                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6212                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7680                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        13892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329465                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317714                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             482336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         173586                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           164622                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.538038                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1326770                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1326631                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          718440                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1422403                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.536892                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505089                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1066533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1253439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155199                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2305723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1850693     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166319      7.21%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77914      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76987      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20712      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89468      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7010      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4877      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11743      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2305723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1066533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1253439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               476602                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              312907                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           165424                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1114734                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12158                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        11743                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3702618                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2843275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 45853                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                139247                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1066533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1253439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1066533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.316804                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.316804                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.431629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.431629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6564217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1546684                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1674804                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         193054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20400                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79563                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73570                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19200                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          891                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1868474                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1142115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            193054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        92770                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              234304                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         63950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        59342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          116735                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20468                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2204933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1970629     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          12300      0.56%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          19652      0.89%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          29403      1.33%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12469      0.57%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          14457      0.66%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          15543      0.70%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10839      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         119641      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2204933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.078130                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462217                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1845723                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        82757                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          232626                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1329                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        42497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31265                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          318                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1384415                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        42497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1850256                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         37485                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        31330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          229542                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        13820                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1381286                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1138                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1890477                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6438509                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6438509                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1557253                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         333224                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          154                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           40712                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       139386                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        77186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3799                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14876                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1376426                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          296                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1284213                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       212463                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       488876                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2204933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1658427     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221128     10.03%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122358      5.55%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80884      3.67%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73696      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22873      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16099      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5770      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3698      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2204933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           373     11.88%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1290     41.08%     52.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1477     47.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057809     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23743      1.85%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126859      9.88%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75660      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1284213                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.519725                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3140                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002445                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4778442                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1589249                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1261003                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1287353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6197                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5014                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1007                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        42497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         27043                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1567                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1376722                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139386                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          154                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          890                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11017                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12535                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        23552                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1265723                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             195678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         171668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            75524                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.512242                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1261098                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1261003                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          746393                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1893468                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.510332                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394194                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       933008                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240150                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20773                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2162436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1701680     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219176     10.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91045      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46865      2.17%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34827      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19762      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12334      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10234      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26513      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2162436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       933008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1137725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               182384                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              110212                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           157950                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1028646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        22187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        26513                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3513798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2798257                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 33298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                266015                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            933008                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1137725                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       933008                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.648367                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.648367                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.377591                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.377591                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5744328                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1723680                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1311500                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         192387                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73229                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          910                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1138641                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            192387                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        92428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              233827                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         63860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        59331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          116872                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20550                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2206052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1972225     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          12344      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          19687      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          29634      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12379      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          14370      0.65%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          15002      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10667      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         119744      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2206052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460811                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1846943                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        83288                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          232180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1299                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        42341                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        31188                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          318                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1380788                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        42341                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1851628                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         37431                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        31748                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          228910                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        13991                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1377374                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6948                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1270                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1885633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6421332                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6421332                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1554288                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         331303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           41300                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       139248                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        76845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1372374                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1280947                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1887                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       210547                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       485801                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2206052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1660690     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220936     10.01%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122125      5.54%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80587      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73386      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22686      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16215      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5680      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3747      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2206052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           363     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1286     41.30%     52.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1465     47.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055137     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23633      1.84%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126676      9.89%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75360      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1280947                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.518403                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002431                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4772943                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1583276                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1257575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5942                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29269                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4854                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1002                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        42341                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         27476                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1569                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1372669                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139248                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          880                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11017                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12604                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        23621                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1262122                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119755                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             194982                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         171130                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            75227                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.510785                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1257671                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1257575                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          744546                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1889054                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.508944                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394137                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1135519                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238229                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        20841                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1703779     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       218973     10.12%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90759      4.19%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46602      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34885      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19766      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12205      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10314      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26428      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       931118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1135519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               181967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              109977                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           157707                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1026623                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        22160                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26428                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3511031                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2789876                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 33406                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                264896                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            931118                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1135519                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       931118                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.653743                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.653743                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.376826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.376826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5728548                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1719551                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1307517                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         200267                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164031                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21413                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82524                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76548                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20364                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1921082                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1145331                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            200267                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        96912                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              250482                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        58382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119938                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21208                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2269515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2019033     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          26366      1.16%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          30876      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          17131      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          19491      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11050      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7568      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          19903      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         118097      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2269515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081049                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.463519                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1905463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        74552                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          248424                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1848                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39224                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        32518                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1397881                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39224                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1908708                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         13899                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        52073                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          247066                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1396323                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1942864                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6500579                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6500579                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1629583                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         313278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           24790                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       133733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        71770                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15765                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1393044                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308631                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443091                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2269515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1719626     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220697      9.72%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118552      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81998      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72313      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37102      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8868      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6006      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4353      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2269515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1366     45.11%     56.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1320     43.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1096077     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20425      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120726      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71244      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308631                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.529607                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3028                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002314                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4891651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1584751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1285102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1311659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25874                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39224                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          9854                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1393406                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71770                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11737                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12459                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24196                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1287898                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113022                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20733                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             184244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         179145                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            71222                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521216                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1285176                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1285102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          765222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2006040                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520085                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381459                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       956679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1173711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2230291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1751025     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222363      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93153      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55601      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38704      1.74%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25082      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13274      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10343      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20746      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2230291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       956679                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1173711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               177633                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              107859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           167904                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1058238                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        23886                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20746                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3602954                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2826046                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 31413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                201433                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            956679                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1173711                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       956679                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.582839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.582839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.387171                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.387171                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5808435                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1786671                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1302637                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         200527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164287                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82875                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20346                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          951                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1921486                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1146210                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            200527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        96893                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              250782                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         61499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        58171                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          119990                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21238                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2270158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2019376     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          26460      1.17%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          30996      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          17127      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          19406      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11100      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7481      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          19842      0.87%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         118370      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2270158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081154                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.463875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1905832                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        74389                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          248680                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1879                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39374                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        32521                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1399298                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1880                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39374                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1909106                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         13860                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        51854                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          247323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8637                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1397666                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           37                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1945161                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6506865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6506865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1629945                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         315194                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           25078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       134130                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        71724                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1619                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15711                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394194                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308714                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       192153                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       448524                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2270158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1720214     75.78%     75.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220480      9.71%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118735      5.23%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82301      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72170      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37038      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8934      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5901      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4385      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2270158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1367     45.10%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1318     43.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1096115     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20440      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120832      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71168      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308714                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.529640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3031                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002316                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4892478                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1285137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1311745                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3280                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1938                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39374                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          9834                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1013                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394555                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134130                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71724                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          705                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11686                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12502                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1287939                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113071                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             184219                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         179246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            71148                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.521233                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1285207                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1285137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          765439                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2006191                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.520099                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381538                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       956888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1173970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220571                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21412                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2230784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1751351     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222462      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93204      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55689      2.50%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38657      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24995      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13299      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10380      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20747      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2230784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       956888                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1173970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               177667                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              107881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           167948                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1058463                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20747                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3604578                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2828477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                200790                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            956888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1173970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       956888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.582275                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.582275                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.387255                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.387255                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5808444                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1787005                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1303472                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         203349                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166272                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21665                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81819                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20508                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1949608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1137998                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            203349                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        98071                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              235880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         59711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        46505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          120912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21501                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2269793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2033913     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          10929      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16810      0.74%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          23081      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          24004      1.06%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          20616      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          10930      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17431      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         112079      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2269793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082296                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1929862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        66714                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          235265                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        37567                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33387                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1393787                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        37567                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1935526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         14262                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        39956                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          229994                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12484                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1392512                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1944746                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6472225                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6472225                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1655310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         289425                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           38967                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       130837                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        69692                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          846                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        33100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1389952                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          347                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311281                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170257                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       410117                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2269793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1702987     75.03%     75.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242428     10.68%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120754      5.32%     91.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82427      3.63%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65530      2.89%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27656      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17691      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9042      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1278      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2269793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           304     12.93%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          860     36.58%     49.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1187     50.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1103762     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19470      1.48%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118489      9.04%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69398      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311281                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530679                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2351                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4894971                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1560571                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289444                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2688                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23290                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1306                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        37567                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         11462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1103                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1390306                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130837                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69692                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          908                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11639                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12865                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24504                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291493                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111476                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             180859                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         183234                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            69383                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522671                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1289527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1289444                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          741635                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1997123                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521842                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371352                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       964726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1187048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203253                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          330                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21712                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2232226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1734310     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252094     11.29%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89997      4.03%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43287      1.94%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43321      1.94%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21653      0.97%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14285      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8392      0.38%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24887      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2232226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       964726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1187048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               175924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              107538                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           171138                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1069521                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24433                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24887                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3597627                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2818187                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 31434                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                201155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            964726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1187048                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       964726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.561295                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.561295                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390427                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390427                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5809129                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1798422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1292031                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          330                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         192319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169081                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17649                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117415                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114392                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12610                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          553                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1966900                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1090600                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            192319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       127002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              240316                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         57280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        28276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          121150                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17167                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2275031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.813464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2034715     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          33560      1.48%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20124      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          33035      1.45%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          12457      0.55%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          30342      1.33%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5495      0.24%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9926      0.44%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          95377      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2275031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077832                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.441369                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1951436                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        44442                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          239653                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          317                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39179                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        20338                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1235693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39179                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1953495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         23352                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        15149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          237718                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6134                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1233218                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1635373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5614845                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5614845                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1288893                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         346464                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           16596                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       207369                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        39068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          406                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8796                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134026                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1194                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244500                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       518246                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2275031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1782569     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161499      7.10%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154156      6.78%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92485      4.07%     96.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52985      2.33%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14300      0.63%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16274      0.72%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          428      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          335      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2275031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2275     59.65%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          842     22.08%     81.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          697     18.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       898990     79.27%     79.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9712      0.86%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       186652     16.46%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38584      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134026                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.458944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003363                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4548091                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468961                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1101538                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137840                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1072                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47506                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39179                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         17350                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          806                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224452                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207369                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          466                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10376                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8427                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        18803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1116320                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183012                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17706                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             221586                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         167346                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            38574                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.451778                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1102026                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1101538                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          663647                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1512063                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.445796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.438902                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       856612                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       977266                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247225                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        17375                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2235852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1864811     83.40%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150447      6.73%     90.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91485      4.09%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30122      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47031      2.10%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10296      0.46%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6723      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5955      0.27%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28982      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2235852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       856612                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       977266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               197601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              159859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           148634                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          858004                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28982                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3431361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2488195                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 44809                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                195917                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            856612                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              977266                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       856612                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.884559                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.884559                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346673                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346673                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5161185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1452554                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1282962                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2470943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         192475                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118121                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114891                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12552                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          559                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1970829                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1091466                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            192475                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       127443                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              240707                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         56656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        28325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          121200                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2278969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.811657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2038262     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          33844      1.49%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20095      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          33189      1.46%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          12404      0.54%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          30514      1.34%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5461      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9926      0.44%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          95274      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2278969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077895                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.441720                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1954741                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        45111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          240062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        38746                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        20304                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1236045                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        38746                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1956846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         24099                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        14868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          238081                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6325                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1233621                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1635362                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5615491                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5615491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1292331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         342908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           16621                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       207758                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        39121                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          437                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224981                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242197                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2278969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1785532     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161698      7.10%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154770      6.79%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92838      4.07%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52836      2.32%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14256      0.63%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16295      0.72%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          418      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          326      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2278969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2296     59.98%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          837     21.87%     81.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          695     18.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900054     79.25%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9705      0.85%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187190     16.48%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38643      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135680                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.459614                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3828                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003371                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4555347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1467362                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103633                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1139508                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        38746                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         17745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          827                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225153                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           54                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207758                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39121                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          452                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10345                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8243                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        18588                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118231                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183757                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             222388                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         167822                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            38631                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.452552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1104120                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1103633                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          664964                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1511498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.446644                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.439937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       859522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       980176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       244924                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        17178                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2240223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1868395     83.40%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150529      6.72%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91874      4.10%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30159      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47137      2.10%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10287      0.46%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6685      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5927      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29230      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2240223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       859522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       980176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               198466                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              160724                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           149122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          860426                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        29230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3436093                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2489073                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 44699                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                191974                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            859522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              980176                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       859522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.874787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.874787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.347852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.347852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5171420                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1454329                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1284811                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         202965                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166003                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21603                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20559                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1949431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1135101                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            202965                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        98076                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              235696                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         59422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        47669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          120813                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2270367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2034671     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          10932      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16945      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23028      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          24287      1.07%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          20787      0.92%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          10721      0.47%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17089      0.75%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         111907      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2270367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082141                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459379                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1929706                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        67857                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          235106                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          356                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37338                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33266                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1390891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37338                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1935398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         14437                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        40972                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          229803                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1389628                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1941015                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6459271                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6459271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1654540                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         286430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           39113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       131023                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        69523                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        33227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1387063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1309208                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168280                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       406263                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           35                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2270367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1704113     75.06%     75.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242368     10.68%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120742      5.32%     91.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82241      3.62%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65538      2.89%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27226      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17814      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9133      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1192      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2270367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           289     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          827     35.94%     48.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1185     51.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1101826     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19386      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118640      9.06%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69194      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1309208                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.529840                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2301                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001758                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4891365                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1555724                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1311509                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2758                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37338                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         11568                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1196                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1387433                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131023                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69523                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1009                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11579                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12776                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24355                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289397                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111551                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             180724                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         182985                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            69173                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.521823                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1287423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1287342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          740186                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1993263                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.520991                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371344                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       964286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1186495                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200931                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          330                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21651                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2233029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.358713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1735073     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252430     11.30%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89910      4.03%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43140      1.93%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43462      1.95%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21481      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14175      0.63%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8342      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25016      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2233029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       964286                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1186495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               175846                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              107487                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           171049                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1069029                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24421                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        25016                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3595426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2812226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31362                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                200581                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            964286                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1186495                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       964286                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.562464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.562464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5800769                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1795898                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1289007                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          330                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         202952                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166054                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21714                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81078                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77185                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20527                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          995                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1948758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1135703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            202952                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        97712                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              235295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         60113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        46053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          120898                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21574                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2268258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2032963     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10904      0.48%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16734      0.74%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          22814      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          24126      1.06%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          20444      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          10821      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17572      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         111880      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2268258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082135                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.459622                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1929074                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        66172                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          234723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          366                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37919                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        33200                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1391382                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37919                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1934751                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         14540                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        39222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          229459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1390299                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1941931                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6462268                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6462268                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1651571                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         290352                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           39153                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       130762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69573                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          798                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        34434                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1387836                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308344                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          261                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171463                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414316                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2268258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1701243     75.00%     75.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       244521     10.78%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119409      5.26%     91.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82181      3.62%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65515      2.89%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27592      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17401      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9132      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1264      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2268258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           291     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          869     37.07%     49.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1184     50.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1101127     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19432      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118345      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69278      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308344                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.529491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2344                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4887551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1559663                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286417                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1310688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2581                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23467                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37919                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         11694                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1162                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1388192                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69573                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          972                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11793                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12855                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24648                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1288485                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111252                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             180513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         182634                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            69261                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.521454                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1286504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1286417                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          739602                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1992301                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.520617                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371230                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       962570                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1184363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203826                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          330                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21761                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2230339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.357147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1732611     77.68%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252509     11.32%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89794      4.03%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43817      1.96%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42605      1.91%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21486      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14238      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8695      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24584      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2230339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       962570                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1184363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               175524                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              107292                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           170763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1067093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24376                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24584                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3593931                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2814312                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 31370                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                202690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            962570                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1184363                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       962570                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.567032                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.567032                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.389555                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.389555                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5795944                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1794560                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1289435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          330                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         224529                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186902                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84442                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79779                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23703                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          971                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1940724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1231539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            224529                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       103482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              255864                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        60048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          121897                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20759                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2296291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2040427     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          15517      0.68%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19604      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31316      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12652      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          16788      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          19513      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9076      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         131398      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2296291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090868                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.498407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1929340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        72813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          254576                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34050                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1504448                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1931798                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          5390                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        61592                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          252217                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5852                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1494334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2087717                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6944627                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6944627                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1716489                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         371219                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       141410                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72293                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          790                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16031                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457174                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1387430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195286                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414822                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2296291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1710069     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       265959     11.58%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109892      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61474      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82873      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26069      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25373      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13466      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1116      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2296291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9738     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     10.93%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1252     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1168723     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18810      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          169      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127793      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71935      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1387430                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.561497                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12338                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008893                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5085314                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1652837                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1399768                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          974                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29883                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1520                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          4088                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          491                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457533                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141410                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72293                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12117                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12723                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24840                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362168                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125187                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             197083                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         192154                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71896                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.551273                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1349348                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1349315                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          808294                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2172201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.546072                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230319                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227209                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21810                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2256854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1735659     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264538     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95774      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47604      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43652      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18418      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18124      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8701      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24384      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2256854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       998594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1230319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               182297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111524                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           178374                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1107588                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25378                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3689985                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2954507                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 30826                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                174657                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            998594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1230319                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       998594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.474427                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.474427                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.404134                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.404134                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6125996                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1887541                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1389694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2470948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         192321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12054                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71527                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          523                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2018851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1207023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            192321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        77187                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              237987                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         38394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        51334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          117809                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11921                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2334239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2096252     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8451      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17350      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7095      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          38818      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          34891      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6565      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14170      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         110647      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2334239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077833                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.488486                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2006768                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        63847                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          236962                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        25861                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        16957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1414734                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        25861                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2009472                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         43531                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        13087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          235162                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         7120                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1412864                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         2719                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          144                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1667820                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6648475                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6648475                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1436744                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         231061                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           19761                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       329674                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       165338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1607                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8051                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407850                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340448                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1027                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325797                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2334239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1857664     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143050      6.13%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117019      5.01%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50508      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64335      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61897      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35072      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2973      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1721      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2334239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3427     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26156     86.10%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          797      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845013     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11678      0.87%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318966     23.80%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164711     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340448                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.542483                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30380                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5046542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1541955                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326507                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2377                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16777                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1650                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        25861                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         39892                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1848                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408022                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329674                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1287                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6279                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        13848                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329291                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317677                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             482350                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         173575                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           164673                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.537968                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1326643                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1326507                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          718181                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1421508                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.536841                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.505225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1066410                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1253289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154883                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        12080                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1853268     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166531      7.21%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77895      3.37%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76949      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20687      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89375      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7031      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4824      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11818      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1066410                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1253289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               476583                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              312895                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           165402                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1114598                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12154                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        11818                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3704732                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2842225                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 45793                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                136709                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1066410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1253289                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1066410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.317071                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.317071                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.431579                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.431579                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6563175                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1546378                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1674629                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4486                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32743.517674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           627199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.845245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1400.730515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.276734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    54.253184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.398758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    75.838294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.427886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    73.492693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.541989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   254.287773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.342513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   191.111606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.542950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   245.217473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.529509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   245.192182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.616916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    86.268703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.616651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    87.931707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.416773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    74.740174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.305436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   108.637822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.305483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   108.366140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.379893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    74.589940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.415105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    74.912041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.272677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    58.695783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.573882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   187.416361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1136.213547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1368.028969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1374.507895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2717.575977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2218.224604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2753.372392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2783.984424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1740.239271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1708.667131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1340.418750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1987.311440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1935.036330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1363.580563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1366.060927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1065.086976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2198.562931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.042747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.007760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.005832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.007483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.007483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.001791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.005719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.034674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.041749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.041947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.082934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.067695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.084026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.084960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.053108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.052144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.040906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.060648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.059053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.041613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.041689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.032504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.067095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2665                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2665                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          232                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          461                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          465                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          315                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          224                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 162                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          589                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          375                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4481                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4195973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     16900580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4804754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22173221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4407483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21768329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2062981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80676323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2166516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58575257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2034833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     77426554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1905848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     75802915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2155807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     26075355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2284622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25632012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4499415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21532966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1955608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29757001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2117321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29637133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4402860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21998627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4491823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22021709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4104303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17979655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2131805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     56694893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       654374482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8089988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8496541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7791447                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       147800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      24525776                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4195973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     16900580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4804754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22173221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4407483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21768329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2062981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     88766311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2166516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58575257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2034833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     85923095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1905848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     83594362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2155807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     26075355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2284622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25779812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4499415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21532966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1955608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29757001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2117321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29637133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4402860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21998627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4491823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22021709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4104303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17979655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2131805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     56694893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        678900258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4195973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     16900580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4804754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22173221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4407483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21768329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2062981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     88766311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2166516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58575257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2034833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     85923095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1905848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     83594362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2155807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     26075355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2284622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25779812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4499415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21532966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1955608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29757001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2117321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29637133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4402860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21998627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4491823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22021709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4104303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17979655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2131805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     56694893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       678900258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2665                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2665                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.326471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.537149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.484733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.525026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.518443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.355721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.402863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.478927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.455351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.885246                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.323615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.560952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.484733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.550290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.542802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.402863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.478927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.463488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.323615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.560952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.484733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.550290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.542802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.402863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.478927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.463488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155406.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152257.477477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 177953.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149819.060811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163240.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151168.951389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158690.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150796.865421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154751.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153740.832021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156525.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150635.319066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146603.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149808.132411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 143720.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152487.456140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152308.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 147310.413793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       166645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150580.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150431.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151050.766497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162870.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 148185.665000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163068.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152768.243056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166363.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151873.855172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152011.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151089.537815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152271.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151186.381333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151510.646446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149814.592593                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 154482.563636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149835.519231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       147800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151393.679012                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155406.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152257.477477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 177953.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149819.060811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163240.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151168.951389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158690.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150706.809847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154751.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153740.832021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156525.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151007.196837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146603.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149810.684588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 143720.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152487.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152308.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 147313.211429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       166645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150580.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150431.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151050.766497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162870.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 148185.665000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163068.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152768.243056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166363.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151873.855172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152011.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151089.537815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152271.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151186.381333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151506.417764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155406.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152257.477477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 177953.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149819.060811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163240.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151168.951389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158690.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150706.809847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154751.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153740.832021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156525.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151007.196837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146603.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149810.684588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 143720.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152487.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152308.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 147313.211429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       166645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150580.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150431.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151050.766497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162870.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 148185.665000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163068.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152768.243056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166363.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151873.855172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152011.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151089.537815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152271.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151186.381333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151506.417764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1946                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1946                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2628441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10436555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3239533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13559953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2840936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13387210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1306590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     49528137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1353918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36406209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1278558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     47522274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1147570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     46345632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1280923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16114826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1410922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15493051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2931716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13214060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1201896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18283597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1360830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17986936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2838243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13617089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2923578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13578185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2529578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11052857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1319352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34861876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    402981031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4942028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5295235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4763693                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        90000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15090956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2628441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10436555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3239533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13559953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2840936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13387210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1306590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     54470165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1353918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36406209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1278558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     52817509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1147570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     51109325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1280923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16114826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1410922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15583051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2931716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13214060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1201896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18283597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1360830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17986936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2838243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13617089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2923578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13578185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2529578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11052857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1319352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34861876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418071987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2628441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10436555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3239533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13559953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2840936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13387210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1306590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     54470165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1353918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36406209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1278558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     52817509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1147570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     51109325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1280923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16114826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1410922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15583051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2931716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13214060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1201896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18283597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1360830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17986936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2838243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13617089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2923578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13578185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2529578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11052857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1319352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34861876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418071987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.326471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.537149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.484733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.525026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.518443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.355721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.402863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.478927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.455351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.323615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.560952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.484733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.550290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.542802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.402863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.478927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.463488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.323615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.560952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.484733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.550290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.542802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.402863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.478927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.463488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97349.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94023.018018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 119982.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91621.304054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 105219.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92966.736111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100506.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92575.957009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96708.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95554.354331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98350.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92455.785992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 88274.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91592.158103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 85394.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94238.748538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94061.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89040.522989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 108582.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92406.013986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92453.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92810.137056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104679.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89934.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105120.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94563.118056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 108280.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93642.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93688.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92881.151261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94239.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92965.002667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93304.244270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91519.037037                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        96277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91609.480769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        90000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93154.049383                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97349.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94023.018018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 119982.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91621.304054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 105219.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92966.736111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100506.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92479.057725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96708.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95554.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98350.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92825.147627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 88274.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91593.772401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 85394.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94238.748538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94061.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89046.005714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 108582.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92406.013986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92453.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92810.137056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104679.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89934.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105120.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94563.118056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 108280.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93642.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93688.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92881.151261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94239.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92965.002667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93298.814327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97349.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94023.018018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 119982.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91621.304054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 105219.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92966.736111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100506.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92479.057725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96708.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95554.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98350.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92825.147627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 88274.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91593.772401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 85394.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94238.748538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94061.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89046.005714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 108582.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92406.013986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92453.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92810.137056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104679.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89934.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105120.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94563.118056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 108280.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93642.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93688.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92881.151261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94239.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92965.002667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93298.814327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              473.097886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1549855.136364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.097886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.029003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         121919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        121919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6628110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6628110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6628110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6628110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6628110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6628110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       121958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       121958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       121958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       121958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       121958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169951.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169951.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169951.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169951.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169951.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169951.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5266408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5266408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5266408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5266408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5266408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5266408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181600.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181600.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181600.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181600.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181600.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181600.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.908180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.060576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.939424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.457268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.542732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91716453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91716453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1104935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1104935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92821388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92821388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92821388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92821388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108411.882979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108411.882979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92077.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92077.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108183.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108183.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108183.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108183.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33651831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33651831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       239638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       239638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33891469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33891469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33891469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33891469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98975.973529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98975.973529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 79879.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79879.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98808.947522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98808.947522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98808.947522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98808.947522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              502.379640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              746682233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1484457.719682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.379640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         120695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        120695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8507090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8507090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8507090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8507090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8507090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8507090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       120726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       120726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 274422.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 274422.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 274422.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 274422.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 274422.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 274422.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7707779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7707779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7707779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7707779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7707779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7707779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 275277.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275277.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 275277.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275277.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 275277.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275277.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              112794319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             170641.934947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   158.515481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    97.484519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.619201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.380799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       149888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         149888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       149888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        149888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    163375785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163375785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1977265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1977265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165353050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    165353050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165353050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    165353050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        83048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        68167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124809.614209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124809.614209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109848.055556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109848.055556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124606.669179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124606.669179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124606.669179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124606.669179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     43560569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43560569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       318446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       318446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     43879015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43879015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     43879015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43879015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108359.624378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108359.624378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106148.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106148.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108343.246914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108343.246914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108343.246914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108343.246914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              502.410049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              746682453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1484458.157058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    27.410049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.043926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         120915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        120915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8045540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8045540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8045540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8045540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8045540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8045540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       120948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       120948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243804.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 243804.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243804.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 243804.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243804.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 243804.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6430905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6430905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6430905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6430905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6430905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6430905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 229675.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229675.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 229675.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229675.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 229675.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229675.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              112794005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             170900.007576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   158.711337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    97.288663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.619966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.380034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        68024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       149560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         149560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       149560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        149560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    158295200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158295200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2827995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2827995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    161123195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    161123195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    161123195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    161123195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        68042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       150887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       150887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120928.342246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120928.342246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 157110.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157110.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121419.137151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121419.137151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121419.137151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121419.137151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          923                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          923                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41589129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41589129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       434212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       434212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42023341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42023341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42023341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42023341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103713.538653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103713.538653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 144737.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144737.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104018.170792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104018.170792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104018.170792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104018.170792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              501.541130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750408968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1494838.581673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.541130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.020098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         116518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        116518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2567323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2567323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2567323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2567323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2567323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2567323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       116534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       116534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160457.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160457.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160457.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160457.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160457.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160457.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2311185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2311185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2311185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2311185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2311185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2311185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 177783.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177783.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 177783.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177783.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 177783.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177783.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 1050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              125070911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             95766.394334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.674571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.325429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.721385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.278615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        87937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         159151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        159151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    317134172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317134172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     71380041                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71380041                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    388514213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    388514213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    388514213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    388514213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        90300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.026168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.017016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.017016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 134208.282691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134208.282691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 182091.941327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182091.941327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 141021.492922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141021.492922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 141021.492922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141021.492922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    118654670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118654670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8676871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8676871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    127331541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127331541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    127331541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127331541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119131.194779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119131.194779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160682.796296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160682.796296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121268.134286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121268.134286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121268.134286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121268.134286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.341713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765693816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1374674.714542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.341713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         117799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        117799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2720935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2720935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2720935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2720935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2720935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2720935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       117816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       117816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       160055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       160055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       160055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       160055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       160055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       160055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2299938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2299938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2299938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2299938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2299938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2299938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164281.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164281.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164281.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164281.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164281.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164281.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287983221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             276375.452015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   102.176392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   153.823608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.399127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.600873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       299854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       463388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         463388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       463388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        463388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    347444503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    347444503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    347444503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    347444503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    347444503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    347444503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       302646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       163534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       466180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       466180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124442.873567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124442.873567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124442.873567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124442.873567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124442.873567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124442.873567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2006                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2006                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91384237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91384237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91384237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91384237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91384237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91384237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116264.932570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116264.932570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116264.932570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116264.932570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116264.932570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116264.932570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              501.542108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750409170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1494838.984064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.542108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.020100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         116720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        116720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2496790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2496790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2496790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2496790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2496790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2496790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       116735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       116735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166452.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166452.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166452.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166452.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166452.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166452.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2253928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2253928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2253928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2253928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2253928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2253928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173379.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173379.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173379.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173379.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173379.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173379.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 1034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125071273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             96954.475194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   183.434309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    72.565691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.716540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.283460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       159511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         159511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       159511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        159511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    305895778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305895778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     75057834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75057834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    380953612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    380953612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    380953612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    380953612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        90431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       162224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       162224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.025445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005739                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005739                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 132940.364189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132940.364189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 182179.208738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182179.208738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 140417.844453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140417.844453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 140417.844453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140417.844453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    115353384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115353384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9042841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9042841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    124396225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124396225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    124396225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124396225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000766                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000766                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117827.767109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117827.767109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164415.290909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164415.290909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120305.826886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120305.826886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120305.826886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120305.826886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.528666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750409307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1494839.256972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.528666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         116857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        116857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2339834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2339834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2339834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2339834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2339834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2339834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       116872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       116872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155988.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155988.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155988.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155988.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155988.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155988.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2124803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2124803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2124803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2124803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2124803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2124803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163446.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163446.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163446.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163446.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163446.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163446.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1028                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125071014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             97407.331776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   183.633298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    72.366702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.717318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.282682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        71230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         159255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        159255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    304377231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    304377231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     68949369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68949369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    373326600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    373326600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    373326600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    373326600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        90313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       161927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       161927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.025334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 133032.006556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133032.006556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 179555.648438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179555.648438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139718.038922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139718.038922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139718.038922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139718.038922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    114340070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114340070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8364667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8364667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    122704737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122704737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    122704737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122704737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117151.711066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117151.711066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160858.980769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160858.980769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119362.584630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119362.584630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119362.584630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119362.584630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              496.616063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              747247196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1503515.484909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.616063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.023423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2934495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2934495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2934495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2934495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2934495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2934495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154447.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154447.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154447.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154447.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154447.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154447.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2285873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2285873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2285873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2285873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2285873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2285873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152391.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152391.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152391.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152391.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152391.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152391.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              117749137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             158905.717949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   159.970273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    96.029727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.624884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.375116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        82719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        69371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       152090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         152090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       152090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        152090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    202993922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202993922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7239277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7239277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    210233199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210233199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    210233199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210233199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        84397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        69439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       153836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       153836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120973.731824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120973.731824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106459.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106459.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120408.475945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120408.475945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120408.475945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120408.475945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     49077635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49077635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     49077635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49077635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     49077635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49077635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       101191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       101191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       101191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              496.615782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              747247248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1503515.589537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.615782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.023423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       119971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       119971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         119971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       119971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        119971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3063894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3063894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3063894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3063894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3063894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3063894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       119990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       119990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       119990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       119990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       119990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161257.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161257.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161257.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161257.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161257.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161257.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2430791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2430791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2430791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2430791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2430791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2430791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162052.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162052.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162052.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162052.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162052.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162052.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117749253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             157840.821716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   160.052919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    95.947081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.625207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.374793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        69383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         152208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        152208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    200756350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    200756350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9051878                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9051878                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    209808228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    209808228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    209808228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    209808228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        84503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       153954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       153954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119640.256257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119640.256257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 133115.852941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133115.852941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120165.079038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120165.079038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120165.079038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120165.079038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48790596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48790596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       189241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48979837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48979837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48979837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48979837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99776.269939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99776.269939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       189241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       189241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99958.851020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99958.851020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99958.851020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99958.851020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              502.398035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              746682418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1484458.087475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    27.398035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.043907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         120880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        120880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8011671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8011671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8011671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8011671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8011671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8011671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       120912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       120912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 250364.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 250364.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 250364.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 250364.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 250364.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 250364.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7117425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7117425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7117425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7117425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7117425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7117425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 254193.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254193.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 254193.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254193.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 254193.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254193.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              112794124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             170641.639939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   158.549655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    97.450345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.619335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.380665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        81632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        68048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       149680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         149680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       149680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        149680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    159152888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159152888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2052451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2052451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    161205339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    161205339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    161205339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    161205339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        68066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       151002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       151002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122049.760736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122049.760736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114025.055556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114025.055556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121940.498487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121940.498487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121940.498487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121940.498487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     42551399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42551399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       338089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       338089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     42889488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42889488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     42889488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42889488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105849.251244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105849.251244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112696.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112696.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105899.970370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105899.970370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105899.970370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105899.970370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.304023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              643368172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1193632.972171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.304023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         121136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        121136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3411338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3411338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3411338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3411338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3411338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3411338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       121150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       121150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       243667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       243667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       243667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       243667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       243667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       243667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2767440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2767440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2767440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2767440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2767440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2767440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       212880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       212880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       212880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       212880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       212880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       212880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              150642433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             202204.608054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   144.779478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   111.220522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.565545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.434455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       164757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        164757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       202325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         202325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       202325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        202325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    191117794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    191117794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    191117794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    191117794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    191117794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    191117794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       166476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       204044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       204044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111179.635835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111179.635835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111179.635835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111179.635835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111179.635835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111179.635835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     51823905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51823905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     51823905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51823905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     51823905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51823905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105979.355828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105979.355828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105979.355828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105979.355828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105979.355828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105979.355828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              538.304027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              643368222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1193633.064935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.304027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         121186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        121186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3646822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3646822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3646822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3646822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3646822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3646822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       121200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       121200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       121200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       121200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       121200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 260487.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 260487.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 260487.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 260487.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 260487.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 260487.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2969221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2969221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2969221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2969221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2969221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2969221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 228401.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228401.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 228401.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228401.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 228401.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228401.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              150643087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             201125.616822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   145.032550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   110.967450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.566533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.433467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       165411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       202979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         202979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       202979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        202979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    187680778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187680778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    187680778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    187680778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    187680778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    187680778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       167142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       204710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       204710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108423.326401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108423.326401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108423.326401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108423.326401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108423.326401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108423.326401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51237741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51237741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51237741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51237741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51237741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51237741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103720.123482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103720.123482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103720.123482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103720.123482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103720.123482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103720.123482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              503.345379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              746682317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1481512.533730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.345379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.045425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         120779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        120779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8378548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8378548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8378548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8378548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8378548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8378548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       120813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       120813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 246427.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 246427.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 246427.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 246427.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 246427.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 246427.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7338910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7338910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7338910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7338910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7338910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7338910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 253065.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253065.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 253065.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253065.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 253065.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253065.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              112794122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             170900.184848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   158.252817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    97.747183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.618175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.381825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        81641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        68021                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68021                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       149662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         149662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       149662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        149662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    160888027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160888027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1771925                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1771925                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    162659952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    162659952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    162659952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    162659952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        68039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       150980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       150980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123760.020769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123760.020769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98440.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98440.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123414.227618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123414.227618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123414.227618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123414.227618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     42761132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42761132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       291577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       291577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     43052709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43052709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     43052709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43052709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106636.239401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106636.239401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97192.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97192.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106566.111386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106566.111386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106566.111386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106566.111386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.396134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              746682404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1484458.059642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.396134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.043904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         120866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        120866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8201323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8201323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8201323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8201323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8201323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8201323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       120898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       120898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 256291.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 256291.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 256291.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 256291.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 256291.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 256291.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7265194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7265194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7265194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7265194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7265194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7265194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 259471.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259471.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 259471.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259471.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 259471.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259471.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              112793926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             171159.220030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   158.518133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    97.481867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.619211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.380789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        81586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        67894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       149480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         149480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       149480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        149480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    162490695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162490695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1938415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1938415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    164429110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    164429110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    164429110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    164429110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        67912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       150789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       150789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125864.209915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125864.209915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107689.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107689.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125614.293354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125614.293354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125614.293354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125614.293354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     43355480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43355480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       319936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       319936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     43675416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43675416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     43675416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43675416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108388.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108388.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106645.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106645.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108375.722084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108375.722084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108375.722084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108375.722084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              473.093439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750129827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1549855.014463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.093439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.028996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         121860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        121860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6329295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6329295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6329295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6329295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6329295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6329295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       121897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       121897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171062.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171062.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171062.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171062.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171062.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171062.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4996998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4996998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4996998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4996998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4996998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4996998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172310.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172310.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172310.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172310.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172310.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172310.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              108893104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             181791.492487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   117.005816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   138.994184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.457054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.542946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        96214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         166625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        166625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91527030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91527030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1126055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1126055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     92653085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92653085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     92653085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92653085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        97059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108316.011834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108316.011834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93837.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93837.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108113.284714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108113.284714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108113.284714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108113.284714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34070931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34070931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       232893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       232893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34303824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34303824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34303824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34303824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100208.620588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100208.620588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        77631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100011.148688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100011.148688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100011.148688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100011.148688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              556.573043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              765693810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1374674.703770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.573043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       117793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       117793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         117793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       117793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        117793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2680286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2680286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2680286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2680286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2680286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2680286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       117809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       117809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       117809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       117809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       117809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167517.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167517.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167517.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167517.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167517.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167517.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2301040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2301040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2301040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2301040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2301040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2301040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       164360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       164360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       164360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  783                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              287983086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             277173.326275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   102.286070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   153.713930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.399555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.600445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       299724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       463251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         463251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       463251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        463251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    353535495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    353535495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    353535495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    353535495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    353535495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    353535495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       302597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       163527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       466124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       466124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123054.470936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123054.470936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123054.470936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123054.470936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123054.470936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123054.470936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89906749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89906749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89906749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89906749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89906749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89906749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114823.434227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114823.434227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114823.434227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114823.434227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114823.434227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114823.434227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
