
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1326407778                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449221487418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 402282                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   515451                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39736                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 33380.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13428400691                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206050234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        80256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        54144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        53888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        53632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               685824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       276736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            276736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21712780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     60506280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     40820026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     40627024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     60409778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     40434021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     60409778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               517053663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36959976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         208635689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              208635689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         208635689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21712780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     60506280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     40820026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     40627024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     60409778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     40434021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     60409778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              725689351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        89367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2435177     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41221      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21642      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40569      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13345      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37468      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6009      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107833      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.395736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2269241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       123203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2273268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         87144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          274108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         9717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6405719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           25751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144157     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183490      6.76%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185261      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108501      4.00%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58674      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15422      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17515      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2362     57.72%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          962     23.51%     81.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024275     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225317     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41977      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.409380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         72076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.403518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.398282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2248011     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167358      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106403      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33304      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55105      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11222      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6474      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35511      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            4037591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2848075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 52439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                467044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.180832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.180832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.314383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.314383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         222268                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196860                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19176                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142303                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137997                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13765                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304833                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1261118                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            222268                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       151762                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              279391                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         62753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        80994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          140865                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18625                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2708673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2429282     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          41379      1.53%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          21794      0.80%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          40727      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13410      0.50%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          37533      1.39%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6033      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10409      0.38%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         108106      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2708673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.069877                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.396474                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2271970                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       114666                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          278658                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        43030                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        21999                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          425                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1417444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1782                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        43030                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2275985                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         74888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        27947                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          274882                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        11935                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1414447                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         9640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1861545                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6420077                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6420077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1483310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         378232                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           25579                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       248652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        42866                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          395                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         9449                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1405004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1305395                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1481                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268809                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       570326                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2708673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2137290     78.91%     78.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183887      6.79%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186479      6.88%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108819      4.02%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58352      2.15%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15536      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17526      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2708673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2389     57.92%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          968     23.47%     81.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1027142     78.68%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10577      0.81%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225359     17.26%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42222      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1305395                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.410394                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4125                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5325069                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1674036                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1270285                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1309520                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1769                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        43030                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         59879                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1405213                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42866                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        20313                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1286727                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221663                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             263859                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         194916                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            42196                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.404525                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1270859                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1270285                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          768095                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1700664                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.399356                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.451644                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1003014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1133407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        18859                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2665643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2241569     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167677      6.29%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107099      4.02%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33372      1.25%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55274      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11324      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7230      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6464      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35634      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2665643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1003014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1133407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               236721                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              195624                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           173847                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          991472                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        14602                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        35634                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4035288                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2853647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 52398                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                472162                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1003014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1133407                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1003014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.171277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.171277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.315330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.315330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5969760                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1661851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1492849                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         229984                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188633                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          87880                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2190429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1311698                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            229984                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       110896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              286901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         70234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       226157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          136588                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23997                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2748991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2462090     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          30609      1.11%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          35760      1.30%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          19301      0.70%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          22005      0.80%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          12858      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           8572      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          22199      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         135597      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2748991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.072303                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.412375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2171623                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       245647                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          284249                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        45125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        37150                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1598609                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        45125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2175653                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         63948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       171162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          282561                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        10534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1596208                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2219307                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7427243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7427243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1857379                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         361920                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           30490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       153191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        82163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1939                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17024                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1591659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1491477                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221350                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521845                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2748991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2121431     77.17%     77.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       251983      9.17%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135812      4.94%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93846      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81829      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42053      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10478      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6589      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4970      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2748991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           424     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1498     44.07%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1477     43.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1248843     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23328      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          181      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137781      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81344      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1491477                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.468895                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5737669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1813449                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1464769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1494876                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3614                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30225                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           59                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        45125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         58241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1592068                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13374                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14146                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        27520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1468134                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129227                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             210536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         204638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            81309                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.461556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1464863                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1464769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          871318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2281490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.460498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1090733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1337874                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24270                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2703866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2156962     79.77%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253864      9.39%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106670      3.95%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63405      2.34%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43839      1.62%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28562      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15205      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11813      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23546      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2703866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1090733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1337874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               202665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              122966                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           191284                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1206267                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        23546                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4272446                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3229384                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 35759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                431844                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1090733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1337874                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1090733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.916236                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.916236                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.342908                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.342908                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6620376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2035447                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1491406                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         176438                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       143719                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18782                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72018                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67067                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17489                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          807                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1709656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1043630                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            176438                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        84556                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              214025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         58931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       198956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          106788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18684                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2163837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1949812     90.11%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11250      0.52%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17987      0.83%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          26814      1.24%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          11290      0.52%     93.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          13365      0.62%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          13738      0.63%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9841      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         109740      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2163837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.055469                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.328099                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1687998                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       223069                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          212246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1411                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        28679                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          351                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1264599                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1337                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1692666                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         83784                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       124747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          209079                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        14448                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1261239                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2915                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         7285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          998                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1724120                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5879426                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5879426                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1418577                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         305536                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           41669                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       128513                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        70961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3741                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14208                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1257006                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1171571                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2056                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194148                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       455258                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2163837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.228087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1663000     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       204131      9.43%     86.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112217      5.19%     91.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73812      3.41%     94.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66834      3.09%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20484      0.95%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14981      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5096      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3282      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2163837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     10.66%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1254     43.53%     54.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1320     45.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       963928     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21527      1.84%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116621      9.95%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69366      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1171571                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.368322                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2881                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002459                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4511916                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1451549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1149705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1174452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5604                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27817                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5075                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          929                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         63552                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1921                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1257332                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           46                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128513                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11607                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        21682                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1154322                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110427                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17249                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             179673                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         156824                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            69246                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.362899                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1149847                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1149705                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          680088                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1725198                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.361448                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.394209                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       850473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1037092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        19066                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2124727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1704553     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200385      9.43%     89.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82912      3.90%     93.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42276      1.99%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31716      1.49%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18120      0.85%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11121      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9287      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24357      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2124727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       850473                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1037092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               166579                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              100693                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           144249                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          937398                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        20228                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24357                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3358400                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2555221                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 30966                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1016998                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            850473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1037092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       850473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.740078                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.740078                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.267374                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.267374                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5238893                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1569691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1199072                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         231428                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       189775                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88478                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1069                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2204456                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1319829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            231428                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       111663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              288720                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         70596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       208589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          137434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24113                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2747513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2458793     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          30799      1.12%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          35993      1.31%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          19431      0.71%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          22156      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          12955      0.47%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           8597      0.31%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          22352      0.81%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         136437      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2747513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.072757                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.414932                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2185635                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       228097                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          286051                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2353                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        45368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        37411                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1608664                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2127                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        45368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2189688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         58064                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       159478                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          284391                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        10516                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1606252                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2233300                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7474411                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7474411                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1869661                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         363639                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           30457                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       154158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        82734                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1950                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17139                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1601871                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          409                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1501256                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2343                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       524220                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2747513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2115782     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253729      9.23%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136671      4.97%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94462      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82366      3.00%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42321      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10550      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6626      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5006      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2747513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           426     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1513     44.12%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1490     43.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1256995     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23477      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          183      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138689      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81912      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1501256                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.471969                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3429                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002284                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5755797                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1824745                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1474394                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3625                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30356                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2475                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        45368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         52425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1682                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1602284                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82734                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1215                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13461                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14228                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        27689                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1477757                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             211948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         206000                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            81876                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.464581                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1474489                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1474394                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          877002                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2296251                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.463524                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381928                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1098017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255532                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        24421                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2702145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2151533     79.62%     79.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255633      9.46%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107359      3.97%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63838      2.36%     95.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44147      1.63%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28742      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15303      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11889      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23701      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2702145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1098017                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1346812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               204061                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              123802                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           192556                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1214361                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        27388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        23701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4280788                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3250061                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 35987                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                433322                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1098017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1346812                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1098017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.896890                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.896890                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.345198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.345198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6664072                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2048705                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1500794                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         276619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       230490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26911                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98955                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29431                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2404262                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1519050                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            276619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       128386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              315645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         75678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       189934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          150799                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25608                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2964036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2648391     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          19064      0.64%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          24178      0.82%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          38580      1.30%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          15876      0.54%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20774      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          24051      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          11227      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         161895      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2964036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086964                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.477563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2395670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       205864                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          314024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        48305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        41745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1855970                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        48305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2398639                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          7703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       191015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          311185                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         7184                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1843454                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2575654                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8569982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8569982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      2122946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         452645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26225                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       174428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        89147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        20100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1797811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1713094                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238544                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       504031                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2964036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2239026     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329777     11.13%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135145      4.56%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76595      2.58%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       102150      3.45%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32488      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31101      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16436      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1318      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2964036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11854     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1657     11.01%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1535     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1443568     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23203      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157442      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88671      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1713094                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.538567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15046                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6407424                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2036816                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1666848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1728140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        48305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          5849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1798253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          229                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15307                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        30719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1682445                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             243242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         237295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            88634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1666886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1666848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          998943                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2685150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.524028                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372025                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1234847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1521455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        26931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2915731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2271212     77.90%     77.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326929     11.21%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118664      4.07%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58851      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53993      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22753      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22528      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10668      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30133      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2915731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1234847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1521455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               225483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              137925                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           220518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1369803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        31397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        30133                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4683786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3644785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 38386                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                216799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1234847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1521455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1234847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.575894                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.575894                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.388215                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.388215                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7567802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2331694                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1714435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         230404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88095                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2194322                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1313655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            230404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       111164                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              287403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         70290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       209537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          136809                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24011                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2736809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2449406     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          30666      1.12%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          35844      1.31%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          19346      0.71%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          22056      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          12895      0.47%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           8558      0.31%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          22250      0.81%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         135788      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2736809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.072435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.412991                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2175597                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       228944                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          284750                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        37246                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1601175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2179626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         60851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       157586                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          283100                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        10470                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1598806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2222924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7439651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7439651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1860942                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         361982                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           30297                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       153435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        82342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1594477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1494307                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221432                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2736809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2107996     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       252524      9.23%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136084      4.97%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94041      3.44%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81957      2.99%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42137      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10489      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6603      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4978      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2736809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           424     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1500     44.07%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1480     43.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251218     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23344      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138040      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81523      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1494307                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.469785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3404                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002278                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5731156                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816349                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1467581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1497711                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3615                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30201                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         55215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1594886                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14171                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        27571                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1470920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129471                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             210959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         205093                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            81488                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.462432                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1467674                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1467581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          872926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2285852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.461382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1092843                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1340533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254413                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        24317                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2691641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2143607     79.64%     79.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254399      9.45%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106898      3.97%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63542      2.36%     95.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43932      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28612      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15227      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11830      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23594      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2691641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1092843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1340533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               203108                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              123234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           191704                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1208653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27256                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        23594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4262993                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3235065                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 35835                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                444026                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1092843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1340533                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1092843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.910606                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.910606                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.343571                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.343571                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6633019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2039218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1493754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         244695                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200137                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99658                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93934                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2348073                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1370494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            244695                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       118773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              284649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         70918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       131566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          145224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25439                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2809336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2524687     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          13237      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20556      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          27782      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          29192      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          24804      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          13301      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20952      0.75%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         134825      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2809336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.076928                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2323782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       156377                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          283950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        40169                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1679891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2330582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         19399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       121868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          277581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        15087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1678221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2342748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7803088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7803088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1997867                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         344871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           46780                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       157937                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        84235                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        22441                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1674771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1579556                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497046                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2809336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2139711     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276798      9.85%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139691      4.97%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104234      3.71%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81659      2.91%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33469      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21229      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11041      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1504      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2809336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           334     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1006     36.10%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1447     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1328814     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23527      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143198      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83821      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1579556                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.496585                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2787                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5971572                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1879840                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1553884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1582343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         15750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1675184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157937                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84235                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1350                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13963                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14881                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        28844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556248                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134556                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             218359                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         220507                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            83803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.489258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1553961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1553884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          892804                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2405180                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.488514                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371200                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164472                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1432888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        25671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2764522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2174437     78.66%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293556     10.62%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109845      3.97%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52314      1.89%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45620      1.65%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25567      0.92%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21539      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10001      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31643      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2764522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1164472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1432888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               212453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              129830                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           206590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1291030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        29502                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        31643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4408054                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3395211                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 37410                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                371499                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1164472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1432888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1164472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.731568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.731568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.366090                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.366090                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7003030                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2166460                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1556594                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         213820                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84948                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          574                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2252734                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1340643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            213820                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        85939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              264278                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         41980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       342557                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          131049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2888071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2623793     90.85%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9089      0.31%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19278      0.67%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           8110      0.28%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          43016      1.49%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          38884      1.35%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7388      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          15903      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         122610      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2888071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067221                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.421475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2230542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       365247                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          263072                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        28279                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        18936                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1571391                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        28279                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2234263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        332865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        21885                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          260584                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        10186                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1569094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         4375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          112                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1851426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7383009                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7383009                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1599980                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         251434                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          203                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          114                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           27091                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       366448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       183868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         9062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563399                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1489915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1131                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       354226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2888071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2351482     81.42%     81.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164667      5.70%     87.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132197      4.58%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57939      2.01%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71794      2.49%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66850      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38214      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3097      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1831      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2888071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3685     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28146     86.16%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          836      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       939030     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12962      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354716     23.81%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183119     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1489915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.468404                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32667                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5901698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1708286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1475174                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1522582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1876                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        28279                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        323288                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1563611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          116                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1811                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6883                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        15093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1478130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353402                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             536476                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         193604                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           183074                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.464699                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1475286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1475174                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          798431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1580904                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.463769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1187244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1395412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       168349                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        13205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2859792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2350312     82.18%     82.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188555      6.59%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87271      3.05%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85686      3.00%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23829      0.83%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97483      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7606      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5510      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13540      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2859792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1187244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1395412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               529970                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              347978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           184376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1240849                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        13563                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        13540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4410000                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3155821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 49643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                292764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1187244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1395412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1187244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.679175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.679175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7297423                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1719106                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1860778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         211631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190552                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13132                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74011                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11479                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2241781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1329703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            211631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        85490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              262195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         41827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       326156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          130452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12989                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2858501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2596306     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           9135      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18926      0.66%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           8005      0.28%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          42867      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          38777      1.36%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7444      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          15611      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         121430      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2858501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.066533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.418036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2216621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       351787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          261022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        28145                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        18725                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1558269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        28145                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2220301                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        301074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        39616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          258583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        10773                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1556048                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         5115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1832604                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7324172                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7324172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1584293                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         248311                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          195                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           27547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       365589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       183515                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1818                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1550693                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1478807                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143332                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       347510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2858501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2325435     81.35%     81.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164087      5.74%     87.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131636      4.61%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56860      1.99%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70934      2.48%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66815      2.34%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37852      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3111      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1771      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2858501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3615     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28167     86.42%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          813      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       929396     62.85%     62.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12794      0.87%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       353897     23.93%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182633     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1478807                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.464912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32595                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022041                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5849983                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1694288                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1464018                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1511402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        28145                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        292727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1550900                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183515                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        14946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1466961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352501                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             535087                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         191866                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           182586                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.461187                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1464119                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1464018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          791930                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1564595                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.460262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1178142                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       166871                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        13186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2830356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2325156     82.15%     82.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186640      6.59%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86790      3.07%     91.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        84942      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23361      0.83%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97302      3.44%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7400      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5401      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13364      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2830356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1178142                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1384119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               528306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              346953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           182714                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1230688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        13320                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        13364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4367969                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3130136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 49736                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                322334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1178142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1384119                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1178142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.699874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.699874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.370388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.370388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7248070                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1703165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1848686                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         244670                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200116                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99650                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93927                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24836                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2347838                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1370306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            244670                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       118763                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              284613                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         70918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       119298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          145211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2796797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2512184     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          13235      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20556      0.73%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          27777      0.99%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          29190      1.04%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          24802      0.89%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          13299      0.48%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          20951      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         134803      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2796797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.076920                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430801                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2323550                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       144106                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          283914                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        40165                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1679661                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2330348                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         19682                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       109322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          277547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        15079                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1677991                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2342437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7802003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7802003                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1997566                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         344871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           46766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       157914                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        84219                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        22433                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1674545                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1579328                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204653                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2796797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2127262     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276770      9.90%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139667      4.99%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104222      3.73%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81643      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33464      1.20%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21223      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11040      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1506      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2796797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1006     36.12%     48.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1447     51.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1328633     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23519      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143175      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83805      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1579328                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.496514                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2785                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001763                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5958576                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1879618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1553661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1582113                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         16030                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1674958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157914                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84219                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13963                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14881                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        28844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556021                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134533                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             218320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         220483                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            83787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.489186                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1553738                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1553661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          892656                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2404821                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.488444                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371194                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164291                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1432668                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242304                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        25671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2751983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2161979     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293521     10.67%     89.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109832      3.99%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52305      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45612      1.66%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25560      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21537      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9998      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31639      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2751983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1164291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1432668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               212418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              129811                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           206566                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1290826                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        29498                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        31639                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4395303                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3394769                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 37408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                384038                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1164291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1432668                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1164291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.731993                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.731993                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.366033                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.366033                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7001987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2166159                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1556374                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3178649                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         176894                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       144154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18891                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72046                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67132                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17545                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          827                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1712716                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1045774                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            176894                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        84677                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              214318                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         59298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       213509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          107067                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18791                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2181992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1967674     90.18%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          11225      0.51%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17898      0.82%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          26781      1.23%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11386      0.52%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          13482      0.62%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          13668      0.63%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9773      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         110105      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2181992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.055651                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.329000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1691101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       237589                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          212549                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39356                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        28691                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1267181                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39356                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1695713                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         90523                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       132613                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          209426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        14358                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1263843                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         7345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1029                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1727556                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5890591                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5890591                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1418787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         308768                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           41095                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       128797                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        70924                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3702                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        14502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1259535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1172935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2022                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195899                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       460520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2181992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.537552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1680727     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       204204      9.36%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112426      5.15%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73661      3.38%     94.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67163      3.08%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20431      0.94%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14909      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5133      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3338      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2181992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     10.66%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1257     43.63%     54.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1317     45.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       965341     82.30%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21505      1.83%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116635      9.94%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69325      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1172935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.369004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2881                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002456                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4532765                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1455832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1150963                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1175816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5612                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28045                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          922                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39356                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         70553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1870                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1259862                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128797                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70924                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1051                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10139                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11753                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        21892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1155544                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110416                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             179624                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         156960                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            69208                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.363533                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1151106                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1150963                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          680517                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1726782                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.362092                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.394095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       850646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1037322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        19178                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2142636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.484134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.328742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1722088     80.37%     80.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200619      9.36%     89.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83048      3.88%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42395      1.98%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31627      1.48%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18121      0.85%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11207      0.52%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9181      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24350      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2142636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       850646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1037322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               166678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              100752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           144271                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          937609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        20229                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        24350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3378865                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2560555                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31169                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                996657                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            850646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1037322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       850646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.736747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.736747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.267612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.267612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5244195                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1571699                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1201210                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         244665                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25602                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99612                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93928                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24841                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1177                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2347897                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1370411                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            244665                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       118769                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              284683                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         71083                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       116534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          145248                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25458                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2794301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2509618     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          13237      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20601      0.74%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          27787      0.99%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          29243      1.05%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          24726      0.88%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          13235      0.47%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          20923      0.75%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         134931      4.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2794301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.076918                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430834                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2323557                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       141396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          283978                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          411                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        44953                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        40120                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1680057                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        44953                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2330358                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         19865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       106425                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          277614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1678373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2342763                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7803966                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7803966                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1996886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         345867                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           46829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       158059                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        84225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        22422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1674893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1579106                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205547                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       499959                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2794301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2124801     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276830      9.91%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139584      5.00%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104235      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81714      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33365      1.19%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21216      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11022      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1534      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2794301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          999     36.00%     47.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1446     52.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1328484     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23491      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143155      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83780      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1579106                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.496444                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2775                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5955712                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1880860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1553314                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1581881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3109                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28289                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        44953                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         16205                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1568                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1675307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       158059                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1346                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14014                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14889                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        28903                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1555670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134469                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             218231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         220384                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            83762                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.489076                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1553390                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1553314                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          892584                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2405089                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.488335                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1163910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1432199                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       243113                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        25698                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2749348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2159488     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293503     10.68%     89.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109776      3.99%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52314      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45525      1.66%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25555      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21575      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10019      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31593      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2749348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1163910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1432199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               212354                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              129767                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           206498                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1290405                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        29489                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        31593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4393054                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3395597                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 37425                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                386534                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1163910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1432199                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1163910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.732887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.732887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.365913                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.365913                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        7000443                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2165726                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1556402                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         211999                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101216                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11534                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2243260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1331485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            211999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        85583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              262534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         41747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       323464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          130519                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2857582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2595048     90.81%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           9161      0.32%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18957      0.66%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7976      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          42932      1.50%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          38801      1.36%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7432      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          15663      0.55%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         121612      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2857582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.066649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.418596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2224898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       342300                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          261353                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        28100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        18791                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1560433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        28100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2228143                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        297387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        35523                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          259231                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9189                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1558229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         3869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          215                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1835728                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7334110                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7334110                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1588019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         247703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          197                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24345                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       365655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       183652                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1834                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1552801                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          201                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1480989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       346938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2857582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2325469     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       162811      5.70%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131498      4.60%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56532      1.98%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70649      2.47%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67431      2.36%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38304      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3093      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1795      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2857582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3662     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28461     86.41%     97.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          816      2.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       931256     62.88%     62.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12853      0.87%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354013     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182780     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1480989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.465598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022241                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5853757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695919                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1466276                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1513928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2667                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18473                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2157                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        28100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        291053                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2388                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1553010                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183652                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1537                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6875                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        14932                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1469173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             535377                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192237                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           182734                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.461883                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1466384                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1466276                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          793203                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1565869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.460972                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506558                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1180289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1386761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       166367                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        13150                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2829482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2323992     82.13%     82.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186146      6.58%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87017      3.08%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85163      3.01%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22999      0.81%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97968      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7472      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5376      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13349      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2829482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1180289                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1386761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               528673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              347178                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           183102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1233049                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        13370                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        13349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4369248                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3134372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 50042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                323253                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1180289                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1386761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1180289                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.694963                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.694963                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.371063                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.371063                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7257785                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1706308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1850749                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         244761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200194                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25584                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99680                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24847                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2348782                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1370892                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            244761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       118805                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              284731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         70943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       126005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          145268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25447                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2804581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2519850     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          13240      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20562      0.73%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          27789      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          29206      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          24810      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          13303      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          20958      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         134863      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2804581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076949                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430985                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2324480                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       150825                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          284035                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          406                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        40178                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1680383                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2331282                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         19190                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       116514                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          277666                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        15095                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1678744                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2343495                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7805545                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7805545                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1998530                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         344965                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           46780                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       157983                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        84260                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          927                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        22459                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1675317                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1580094                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204715                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497139                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2804581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2134753     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276870      9.87%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139722      4.98%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104278      3.72%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81690      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33482      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21232      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11048      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1506      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2804581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1007     36.15%     48.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1447     51.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1329256     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23543      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143251      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83848      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1580094                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.496754                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2786                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001763                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5967890                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1880452                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1554413                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1582880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3197                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28114                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         15554                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1675730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157983                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84260                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13968                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14887                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        28855                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556772                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134599                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             218428                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         220575                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            83829                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.489422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1554491                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1554413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          893110                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2405997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.488681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371202                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1433363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242381                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        25681                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2759752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2169481     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293644     10.64%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109880      3.98%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52330      1.90%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45631      1.65%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25579      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21550      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10006      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31651      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2759752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1164859                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1433363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               212517                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              129869                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           206653                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1291462                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        29513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        31651                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4403832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3396328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 37422                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                376254                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1164859                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1433363                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1164859                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.730661                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.730661                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.366212                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.366212                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7005421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       2167201                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1557057                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         175261                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       142802                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18649                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71444                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66544                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          801                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1698693                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1036592                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            175261                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        83947                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              212583                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         58587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       214494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles          425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          106101                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18550                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2165468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1952885     90.18%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11189      0.52%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17853      0.82%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          26596      1.23%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          11175      0.52%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          13278      0.61%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          13705      0.63%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9797      0.45%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         108990      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2165468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.055099                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.325887                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1675595                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       238756                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          210827                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        38901                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        28445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          351                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1256199                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1337                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        38901                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1680257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         92172                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       132141                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          207654                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        14340                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1252913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          946                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1713061                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5840592                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5840592                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1408767                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         304288                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          318                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           41408                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       127686                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        70489                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3719                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1248662                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          320                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1163567                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2013                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       193376                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453141                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           58                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2165468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.537328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1667647     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       203281      9.39%     86.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111463      5.15%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73265      3.38%     94.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66360      3.06%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20226      0.93%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14864      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5085      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3277      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2165468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     10.84%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1233     43.38%     54.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     45.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       957347     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21349      1.83%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115848      9.96%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68894      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1163567                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.365806                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2842                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002442                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4497456                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1442433                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1141786                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1166409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5510                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5060                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          929                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        38901                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         71435                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1949                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1248986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           52                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       127686                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70489                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1111                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10021                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11502                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        21523                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1146368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             178472                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         155696                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            68773                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.360398                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1141930                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1141786                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          675645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1713653                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.358958                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394272                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       844547                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1029864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219839                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        18930                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2126567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.484285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1709027     80.37%     80.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199251      9.37%     89.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82442      3.88%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        41971      1.97%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31509      1.48%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17994      0.85%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10993      0.52%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9188      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24192      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2126567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       844547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1029864                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               165401                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               99973                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           143245                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          930853                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        20082                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24192                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3352065                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2538331                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 30756                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1015367                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            844547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1029864                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       844547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.766321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.766321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.265511                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.265511                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5202980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1559088                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1191018                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.469994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.077939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1883.494780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.919675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      251500045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175380471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175380471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175380471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772601.193833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906253.778656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772601.193833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906253.778656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772601.193833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906253.778656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          250                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.379915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        34.128372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.333849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.454619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   118.504189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1884.087258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.057863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.919964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 251                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61409467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    192774980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254184447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61409467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    192774980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      254184447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61409467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    192774980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     254184447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2361902.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 856777.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1012687.039841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2361902.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 856777.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1012687.039841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2361902.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 856777.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1012687.039841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 37                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      37                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59126667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173018610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232145277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59126667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173018610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232145277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59126667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173018610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232145277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2274102.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 768971.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924881.581673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2274102.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 768971.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924881.581673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2274102.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 768971.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924881.581673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.311183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.034873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.815308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   121.466709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1836.994293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.059310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.896970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15148544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    197887484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     213036028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1381573                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1381573                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15148544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199269057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      214417601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15148544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199269057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     214417601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1082038.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 867927.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880314.165289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1381573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1381573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1082038.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 870170.554585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882376.958848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1082038.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 870170.554585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882376.958848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13919344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    177869084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191788428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1293773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13919344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179162857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193082201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13919344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179162857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193082201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 994238.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 780127.561404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792514.165289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1293773                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293773                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 994238.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782370.554585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794576.958848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 994238.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782370.554585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794576.958848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          654                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2043.359116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          96477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        35.785237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks         126.555682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.050967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   267.729111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1625.023356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.061795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.130727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.793468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.997734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            459                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 459                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          627                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 653                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67869528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    587571005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     655440533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     65464276                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65464276                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67869528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    653035281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      720904809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67869528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    653035281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     720904809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          459                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             459                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               1052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              1052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.585774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.611707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.620722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.611707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.620722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2610366.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1049233.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1118499.203072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 977078.746269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977078.746269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2610366.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1041523.574163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1103988.987749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2610366.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1041523.574163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1103988.987749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                356                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     356                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65586728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    538388134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    603974862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     59577872                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59577872                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65586728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    597966006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    663552734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65586728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    597966006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    663552734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.585774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.611707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.611707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2522566.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 961407.382143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030673.825939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 889221.970149                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889221.970149                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2522566.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 953693.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016160.388974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2522566.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 953693.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016160.388974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.317718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.018123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.816409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   122.369525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1836.113662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.059751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.896540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15460377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    187847588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     203307965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       741445                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       741445                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15460377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    188589033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      204049410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15460377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    188589033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     204049410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1104312.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 823892.929825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840115.557851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       741445                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       741445                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1104312.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 823532.895197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 839709.506173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1104312.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 823532.895197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 839709.506173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     14231177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    167822632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182053809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       653645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       653645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     14231177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    168476277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    182707454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     14231177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    168476277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    182707454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1016512.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 736064.175439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752288.466942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       653645                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       653645                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1016512.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 735704.266376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751882.526749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1016512.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 735704.266376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751882.526749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.257237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.055553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    53.462495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1934.322439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.944493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 126                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107081183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92350288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     199431471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107081183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92350288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      199431471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107081183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92350288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     199431471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.211991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.254032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.252505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.252505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3965969.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932831.191919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582789.452381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3965969.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932831.191919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582789.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3965969.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932831.191919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582789.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104710583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83745888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188456471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104710583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83745888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    188456471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104710583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83745888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    188456471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.211991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3878169.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845918.060606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1495686.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3878169.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845918.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1495686.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3878169.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845918.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1495686.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.316555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.029343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.814687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   121.884611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1836.587913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.059514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.896771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16274869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193090513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     209365382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1364558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1364558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16274869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    194455071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      210729940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16274869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    194455071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     210729940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1162490.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 846888.214912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865146.206612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1364558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1364558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1162490.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 849148.781659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867201.399177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1162490.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 849148.781659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867201.399177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15044714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    173067011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188111725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1276758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1276758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15044714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174343769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189388483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15044714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174343769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189388483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1074622.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 759065.837719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777321.177686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1276758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1276758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1074622.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 761326.502183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779376.473251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1074622.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 761326.502183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779376.473251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.545111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.407555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.063388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    77.369601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1926.704568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.037778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.940774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39629058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125662211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     165291269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39629058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125662211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      165291269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39629058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125662211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     165291269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1524194.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843370.543624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944521.537143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1524194.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843370.543624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944521.537143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1524194.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843370.543624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944521.537143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     37346258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112578092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149924350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     37346258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112578092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149924350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     37346258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112578092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149924350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1436394.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755557.664430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856710.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1436394.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755557.664430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856710.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1436394.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755557.664430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856710.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          449                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.603271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         127564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        51.086904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.555708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.776116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   212.654169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1804.617278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.012098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.103835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.881161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            157                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 157                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   481                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 449                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78021501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    416257226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     494278727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1502609                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1502609                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78021501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    417759835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      495781336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78021501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    417759835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     495781336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          157                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             157                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.482796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.482796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3000826.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 986391.530806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1103300.729911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1502609                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1502609                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3000826.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987611.903073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1104190.057906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3000826.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987611.903073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1104190.057906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 94                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      94                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75738701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    379200126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454938827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1414809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1414809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75738701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380614935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456353636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75738701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380614935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456353636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2913026.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 898578.497630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015488.453125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1414809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1414809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2913026.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 899798.900709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016377.808463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2913026.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 899798.900709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016377.808463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          448                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.577705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         127560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        51.105769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.530420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.519493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   210.951981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1805.575812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.012461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.103004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.881629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 448                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57367272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    420391505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     477758777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2413700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57367272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    422805205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      480172477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57367272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    422805205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     480172477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.483279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.483279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124713.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1000932.154762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1068811.581655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2413700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124713.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1004287.897862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1071813.564732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124713.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1004287.897862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1071813.564732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54987932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    383367492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438355424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2325900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54987932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    385693392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    440681324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54987932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    385693392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    440681324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036590.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 912779.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980660.903803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2325900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036590.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916136.323040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983663.669643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036590.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916136.323040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983663.669643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.542395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.403477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    16.078106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    77.299625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1926.761187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.037744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.940801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     40673424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    125860212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     166533636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     40673424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    125860212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      166533636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     40673424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    125860212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     166533636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1564362.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 844699.409396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951620.777143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1564362.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 844699.409396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951620.777143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1564362.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 844699.409396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951620.777143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38390624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    112778012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151168636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38390624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    112778012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151168636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38390624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    112778012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151168636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1476562.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 756899.409396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863820.777143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1476562.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 756899.409396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863820.777143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1476562.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 756899.409396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863820.777143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          657                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2043.338551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          96479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        35.759451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks         127.928580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.043687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   264.823015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1626.543268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.129308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.794211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.997724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          402                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   403                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                68                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          627                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 653                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64399345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    574948590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     639347935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     57196801                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     57196801                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64399345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    632145391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      696544736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64399345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    632145391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     696544736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               1056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              1056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.582899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.593306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.609329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.618371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.609329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.618371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476897.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1028530.572451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1092902.452991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 841129.426471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841129.426471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476897.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1008206.365231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1066684.128637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476897.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1008206.365231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1066684.128637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                354                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     354                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62116105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    525845785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587961890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51309989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51309989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62116105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    577155774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639271879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62116105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    577155774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639271879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.582899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.609329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.609329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2389080.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 940690.134168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1005063.059829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 754558.661765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754558.661765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2389080.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 920503.626794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978976.843798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2389080.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 920503.626794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978976.843798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.540713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.400893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    16.089756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    77.560642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1926.489423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.037871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.940669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43426447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    125491677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     168918124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43426447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    125491677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      168918124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43426447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    125491677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     168918124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1670247.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 842226.020134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965246.422857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1670247.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 842226.020134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965246.422857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1670247.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 842226.020134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965246.422857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     41143539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    112407757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153551296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     41143539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    112407757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153551296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     41143539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    112407757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153551296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1582443.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 754414.476510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877435.977143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1582443.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 754414.476510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877435.977143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1582443.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 754414.476510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877435.977143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          446                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.583505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         127559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        51.146351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.535532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.485135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   209.387909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1807.174929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.012444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.102240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.882410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 446                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73995642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    413539579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     487535221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2413951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73995642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415953530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      489949172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73995642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415953530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     489949172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.468085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.482684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.482684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2740579.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 989329.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1095584.766292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2413951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2740579.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 992729.188544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1098540.744395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2740579.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 992729.188544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1098540.744395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71624597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    376834636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448459233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2326151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71624597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379160787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    450785384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71624597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379160787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    450785384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.468085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2652762.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 901518.267943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007773.557303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2326151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2652762.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 904918.346062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010729.560538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2652762.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 904918.346062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010729.560538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.544599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.406770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    16.066460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    77.405450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1926.665919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.037796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.940755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     43130575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    123633486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     166764061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     43130575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    123633486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      166764061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     43130575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    123633486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     166764061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1658868.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 829754.939597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952937.491429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1658868.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 829754.939597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952937.491429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1658868.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 829754.939597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952937.491429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     40847702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110547487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151395189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     40847702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110547487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151395189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     40847702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110547487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151395189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1571065.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 741929.442953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865115.365714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1571065.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 741929.442953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865115.365714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1571065.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 741929.442953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865115.365714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          657                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2043.528832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          96470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        35.756116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         126.397077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.032532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   265.633408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1627.465815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.061717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.129704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.794661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.997817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          396                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   397                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                65                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 652                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72587166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    597516931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     670104097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     64418769                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     64418769                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72587166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    661935700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      734522866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72587166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    661935700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     734522866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               1049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              1049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.587435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.597760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.970149                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.970149                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.612524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.621544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.612524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.621544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2791814.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1065092.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1141574.270869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 991057.984615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991057.984615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2791814.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1057405.271565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1126568.812883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2791814.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1057405.271565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1126568.812883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                357                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     357                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70304366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    548254176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    618558542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     58711488                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58711488                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70304366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    606965664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    677270030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70304366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    606965664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    677270030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.587435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.970149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.612524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.612524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2704014.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 977280.171123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1053762.422487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 903253.661538                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903253.661538                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2704014.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 969593.712460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038757.714724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2704014.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 969593.712460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038757.714724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.471145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.604693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.738435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.732710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             189724.130820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.869560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.130440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              542.456521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750173023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1354102.929603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.722061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.734460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.025196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.844126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         140826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        140826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80215014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80215014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80215014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80215014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80215014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80215014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       140865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       140865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2056795.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2056795.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2056795.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2056795.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2056795.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2056795.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61690745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61690745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61690745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61690745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61690745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61690745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2284842.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2284842.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2284842.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2284842.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2284842.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2284842.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              171131271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             190145.856667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   155.081724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   100.918276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.605788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.394212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       201390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       242270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         242270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       242270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        242270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1012799444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1012799444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1179631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1179631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1013979075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013979075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1013979075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013979075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       203659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       244554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       244554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446363.791979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446363.791979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 78642.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78642.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443948.806918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443948.806918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443948.806918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443948.806918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    221973301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221973301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    222165601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222165601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    222165601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222165601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 346292.201248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346292.201248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 344977.641304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344977.641304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 344977.641304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344977.641304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.814373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              845321597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1704277.413306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.814373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       136569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       136569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         136569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       136569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        136569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17189182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17189182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17189182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17189182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17189182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17189182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       136588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       136588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       136588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       136588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       136588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 904693.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904693.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15276585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15276585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15276585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1091184.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091184.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              132972518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             153547.942263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   174.388888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    81.611112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.681207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.318793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        94707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        79191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         173898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        173898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    930881785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    930881785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     82575486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82575486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1013457271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013457271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1013457271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013457271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        96793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        79308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       176101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       176101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 446252.054171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446252.054171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 705773.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 705773.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       674269                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 337134.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    224766421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224766421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1389873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226156294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226156294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226156294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226156294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 369074.582923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 369074.582923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1389873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              515.689301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              849067194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1642296.313346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.689301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.041169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       106746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       106746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         106746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       106746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        106746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88674264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88674264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88674264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88674264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88674264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88674264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       106787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       106787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       106787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       106787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       106787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2162786.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2162786.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2162786.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2162786.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2162786.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2162786.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731335                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731335                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68151364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68151364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68151364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68151364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68151364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68151364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2524124.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2524124.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2524124.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2524124.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2524124.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2524124.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 1025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              141285798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             110293.362998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   194.937051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    61.062949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.761473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.238527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        80916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        65004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       145920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         145920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       145920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        145920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1542415195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1542415195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    525996584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    525996584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2068411779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2068411779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2068411779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2068411779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        83310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        65536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       148846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       148846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.028736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 644283.707185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 644283.707185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 988715.383459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 988715.383459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 706907.648325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 706907.648325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 706907.648325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 706907.648325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    619014904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619014904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     66148576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66148576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    685163480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    685163480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    685163480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    685163480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 647505.129707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647505.129707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 958675.014493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 958675.014493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 668452.175610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668452.175610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 668452.175610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668452.175610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.815482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              845322443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1704279.118952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.815482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       137415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       137415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         137415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       137415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        137415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     19401734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19401734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     19401734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19401734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     19401734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19401734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       137434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       137434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       137434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       137434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       137434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1021143.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1021143.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1021143.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1021143.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1021143.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1021143.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15577218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15577218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15577218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15577218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15577218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15577218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1112658.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1112658.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1112658.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1112658.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1112658.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1112658.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              132973776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             153549.394919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   175.044676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    80.955324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.683768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.316232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        95404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        79748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       175152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         175152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       175152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        175152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    893232118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    893232118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     64215706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64215706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    957447824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    957447824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    957447824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    957447824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        97490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        79865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       177355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       177355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 428203.316395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 428203.316395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 548852.188034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 548852.188034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 434610.905129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434610.905129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 434610.905129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434610.905129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       274226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       137113                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214728732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214728732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       749745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       749745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    215478477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215478477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    215478477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215478477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 352592.334975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352592.334975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       749745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       749745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 353243.404918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353243.404918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 353243.404918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353243.404918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              475.097151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              847791325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1751634.969008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    20.097151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.032207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       150750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       150750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         150750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       150750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        150750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    180608995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180608995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    180608995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    180608995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    180608995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    180608995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       150795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       150795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       150795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       150795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       150795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4013533.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4013533.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3825286                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 637547.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107451092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107451092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107451092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107451092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107451092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107451092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3705210.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3705210.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              123782143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             170733.990345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   153.567330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   102.432670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.599872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.400128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       118485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        87119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       205604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         205604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       205604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        205604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    261684789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    261684789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       750671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    262435460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    262435460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    262435460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    262435460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       119677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        87127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 219534.218960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219534.218960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93833.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93833.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117228370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117228370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       208375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117436745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117436745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117436745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117436745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 251024.346895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251024.346895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69458.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69458.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.813760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              845321815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1704277.852823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.813760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         136787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        136787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18054702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18054702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18054702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18054702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18054702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18054702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       136809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       136809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 820668.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820668.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 820668.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820668.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 820668.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820668.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16391710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16391710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16391710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16391710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16391710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16391710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1170836.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170836.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1170836.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170836.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1170836.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170836.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              132972909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             153548.393764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   174.713877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    81.286123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.682476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.317524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        94924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        79365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       174289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         174289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       174289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        174289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    914162358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    914162358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     97094106                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97094106                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1011256464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1011256464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1011256464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1011256464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        97010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        79482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       176492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       176492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438236.988495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438236.988495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 829864.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829864.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459036.070813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459036.070813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459036.070813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459036.070813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       274251                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 137125.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    219972424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219972424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1372858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1372858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    221345282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221345282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    221345282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221345282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 361202.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 361202.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1372858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1372858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 362861.118033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 362861.118033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 362861.118033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 362861.118033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              491.259059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              844475961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1682223.029880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.259059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.026056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       145189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       145189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         145189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       145189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        145189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44526402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44526402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44526402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44526402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44526402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44526402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       145224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       145224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       145224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       145224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       145224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1272182.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1272182.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1272182.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1272182.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1272182.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1272182.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39909465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39909465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39909465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39909465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39909465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39909465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1478128.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478128.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1478128.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478128.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1478128.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478128.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              127666937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             167322.328965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   155.970949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   100.029051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.609262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.390738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        98604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        82221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       180825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         180825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       180825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        180825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    563361328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    563361328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1158133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1158133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    564519461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    564519461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    564519461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    564519461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       100207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       182442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       182442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351441.876482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351441.876482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82723.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82723.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 349115.312925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 349115.312925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 349115.312925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 349115.312925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150074445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150074445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150266745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150266745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150266745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150266745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 297766.755952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297766.755952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 296384.112426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296384.112426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 296384.112426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296384.112426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              567.772281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              868078964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1522945.550877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.722764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   542.049517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         131006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        131006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    137689509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    137689509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    137689509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    137689509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    137689509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    137689509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       131049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       131049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3202081.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3202081.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3202081.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3202081.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3202081.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3202081.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78309601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78309601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78309601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78309601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78309601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78309601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2900355.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2900355.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2900355.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2900355.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2900355.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2900355.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              332251131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             286670.518550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   105.696154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   150.303846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.412876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.587124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       333287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       181795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       515082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         515082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       515082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        515082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1701134709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1701134709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3543068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3543068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1704677777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1704677777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1704677777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1704677777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       336580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       181803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       518383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       518383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 516591.165806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 516591.165806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442883.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442883.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 516412.534686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 516412.534686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 516412.534686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 516412.534686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    452245736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452245736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1643174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1643174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    453888910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    453888910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    453888910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    453888910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 502495.262222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502495.262222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 547724.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 547724.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 502645.526024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502645.526024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 502645.526024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502645.526024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              568.516058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              868078365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1520277.346760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.466799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.049259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.042415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         130407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        130407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81129353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81129353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81129353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81129353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81129353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81129353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       130452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       130452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1802874.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1802874.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57668872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57668872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57668872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57668872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57668872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57668872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2059602.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059602.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              332249930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             287662.277056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   105.790835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   150.209165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.413245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.586755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       332734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       181158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       513892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         513892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       513892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        513892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1713241539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1713241539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5287177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5287177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1718528716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1718528716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1718528716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1718528716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       335958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       181166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       517124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       517124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531402.462469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531402.462469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 660897.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660897.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    456221692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456221692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2555441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    458777133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458777133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    458777133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458777133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 509175.995536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509175.995536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 851813.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851813.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              491.275135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              844475947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1682223.001992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    16.275135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.026082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       145175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       145175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         145175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       145175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        145175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45816718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45816718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45816718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     45816718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45816718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     45816718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       145211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       145211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       145211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       145211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       145211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1272686.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1272686.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1272686.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1272686.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1272686.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1272686.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     40953905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40953905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     40953905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40953905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     40953905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40953905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1516811.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516811.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1516811.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516811.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1516811.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516811.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              127666901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             167322.281782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   155.850872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   100.149128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.608792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.391208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        98584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        82205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       180789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         180789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       180789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        180789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    592590086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    592590086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1155637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    593745723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    593745723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    593745723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    593745723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       100187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       182406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       182406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 369675.661884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 369675.661884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82545.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82545.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 367189.686456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 367189.686456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 367189.686456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 367189.686456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    150270772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150270772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    150463072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150463072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    150463072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150463072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298156.293651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298156.293651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 296771.345168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296771.345168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 296771.345168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296771.345168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              515.673360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              849067474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1642296.854932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.673360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.041143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       107026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        107026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       107026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         107026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       107026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        107026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82121892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82121892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82121892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82121892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82121892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82121892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       107066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       107066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       107066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       107066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       107066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       107066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2053047.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2053047.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2053047.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2053047.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2053047.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2053047.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731324                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731324                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64681116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64681116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64681116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64681116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64681116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64681116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2395596.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2395596.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2395596.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2395596.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2395596.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2395596.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 1028                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              141285787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             110035.659657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   194.755747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    61.244253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.760765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.239235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        80888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        65023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       145911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         145911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       145911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        145911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1547564748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1547564748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    496589868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    496589868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2044154616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2044154616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2044154616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2044154616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        83304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       148879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       148879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.029002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 640548.322848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 640548.322848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 899619.326087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899619.326087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 688731.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 688731.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 688731.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 688731.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    606588790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    606588790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     57881101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57881101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    664469891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    664469891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    664469891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    664469891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001067                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001067                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 632522.200209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 632522.200209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 826872.871429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 826872.871429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 645743.334305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645743.334305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 645743.334305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645743.334305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              491.287594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              844475982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1682223.071713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    16.287594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.026102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       145210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       145210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         145210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       145210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        145210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49912371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49912371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49912371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49912371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49912371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49912371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       145248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       145248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       145248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       145248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       145248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1313483.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1313483.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1313483.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1313483.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1313483.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1313483.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43735969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43735969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43735969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43735969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43735969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43735969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1619850.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1619850.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1619850.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1619850.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1619850.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1619850.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              127666909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             167322.292267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   156.270305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    99.729695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.610431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.389569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        98612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        82185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       180797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         180797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       180797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        180797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    603974906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    603974906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1099243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1099243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    605074149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    605074149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    605074149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    605074149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       100217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       182416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       182416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 376308.352648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 376308.352648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 78517.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78517.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 373733.260655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 373733.260655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 373733.260655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 373733.260655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    149890839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149890839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    150083139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150083139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    150083139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150083139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 297402.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297402.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 296021.970414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296021.970414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 296021.970414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296021.970414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              568.481717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              868078430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1520277.460595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.430887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   542.050830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.042357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.868671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         130472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        130472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    126103839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126103839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    126103839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126103839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    126103839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126103839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       130519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       130519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2683060.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2683060.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74284042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74284042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74284042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74284042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74284042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74284042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653001.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2653001.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              332250104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             288411.548611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   105.728036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   150.271964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.413000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.587000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       332764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       181300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       514064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         514064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       514064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        514064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687691829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1687691829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5290683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5290683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1692982512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1692982512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1692982512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1692982512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       335976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       181308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       517284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       517284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 525433.321606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 525433.321606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 661335.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661335.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 525770.966460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 525770.966460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 525770.966460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 525770.966460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    449267115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449267115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2555526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    451822641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451822641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    451822641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451822641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 503098.673012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503098.673012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       851842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       851842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 504266.340402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 504266.340402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 504266.340402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 504266.340402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              491.262392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              844476001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1682223.109562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    16.262392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.026062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       145229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       145229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         145229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       145229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        145229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51003631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51003631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51003631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51003631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51003631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51003631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       145268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       145268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       145268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       145268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       145268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1307785.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1307785.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1307785.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1307785.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1307785.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1307785.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     43411104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43411104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     43411104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43411104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     43411104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43411104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1607818.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1607818.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1607818.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1607818.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1607818.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1607818.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              127666992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             167322.401048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   156.025630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    99.974370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.609475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.390525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        98634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        82246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       180880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         180880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       180880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        180880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    581104320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    581104320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1183349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1183349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    582287669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    582287669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    582287669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    582287669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       100237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       182497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       182497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 362510.492826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 362510.492826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84524.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84524.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 360103.691404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 360103.691404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 360103.691404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 360103.691404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    148034936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148034936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       205640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    148240576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148240576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    148240576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148240576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 293720.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293720.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68546.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68546.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 292387.723866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292387.723866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 292387.723866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292387.723866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              515.644811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              849066508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1642294.986460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.644811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       106060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       106060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         106060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       106060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        106060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92674270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92674270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92674270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92674270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92674270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92674270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       106100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       106100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       106100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       106100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       106100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2316856.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2316856.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2316856.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2316856.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2316856.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2316856.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1015598                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       507799                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72868795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72868795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72868795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72868795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72868795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72868795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2698844.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2698844.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2698844.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2698844.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2698844.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2698844.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              141284844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             110551.521127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   194.269686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    61.730314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.758866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.241134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        64560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       144968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         144968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       144968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        144968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          518                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1586070437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1586070437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    515585880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    515585880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2101656317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2101656317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2101656317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2101656317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        82826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        65078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       147904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       147904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       147904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       147904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.029194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 655943.108768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 655943.108768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 995339.536680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 995339.536680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 715822.996253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 715822.996253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 715822.996253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 715822.996253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    628839459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628839459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     65086469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65086469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    693925928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    693925928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    693925928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    693925928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 658470.637696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658470.637696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 971439.835821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 971439.835821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 678988.187867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 678988.187867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 678988.187867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 678988.187867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
