
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11070679881                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               523679882769                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 382710                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   479878                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41389.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15840320601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19862112342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       477184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       238464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       116864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       116992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       117376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       116864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       474752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       116864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       379136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       476672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       231808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       377856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4179072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1248128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1248128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     43103405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21540140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     10556172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       450921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     10567734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       450921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10602420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     10590858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10556172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     42883726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10556172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     34246858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     43057157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10590858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20938913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34131237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               377490095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       450921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       450921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6706002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         112741766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              112741766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         112741766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     43103405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21540140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     10556172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       450921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     10567734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       450921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10602420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     10590858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10556172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     42883726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10556172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     34246858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     43057157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10590858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20938913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34131237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              490231861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1761375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18692058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1761375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       726120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2188844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2954420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1074307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24035541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21846697     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77752      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160751      0.67%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          67825      0.28%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362548      1.51%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         324713      1.35%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62769      0.26%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130897      0.54%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001589      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24035541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.066346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.416784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18475431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      3172512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2180544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18502477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2948189                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       131731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2163844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        46846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        28926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15229868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61056054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          205534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12427331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7535                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24035541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561070     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374251      5.72%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106178      4.60%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476084      1.98%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595602      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561105      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319998      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25473      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15780      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24035541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31234     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237421     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6975      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7800288     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977617     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540616     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12427331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.468101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49173368                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12319900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2874840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12339896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1617204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.464808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12319900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6657097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13153169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.464054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23835567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552734     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1580007      6.63%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734736      3.08%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720909      3.02%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199938      0.84%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822246      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62878      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45960      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116159      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23835567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       116159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36661124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26083496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                401690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2512853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.654839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.654839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.376671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.376671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14312926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1772570                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1599037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94602                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       658311                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         632116                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4165                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18787593                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11134925                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1772570                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       729572                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2201683                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        298849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2897401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1079458                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94829                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24088570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21886887     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          78134      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         161403      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          68194      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         364697      1.51%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         325935      1.35%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          62883      0.26%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         132218      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1008219      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24088570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.066768                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.419420                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18579497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      3106945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2193299                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       201658                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       155774                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13054028                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       201658                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18606211                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2879094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       138939                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2177074                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        85588                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13046066                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           55                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        43407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        28557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          742                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15326624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     61432292                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     61432292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     13551362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1775245                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          201016                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3073004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1553695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14189                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        75159                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13019199                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12499285                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7662                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1032214                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2487229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           68                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24088570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19593181     81.34%     81.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374951      5.71%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1112582      4.62%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       480634      2.00%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       599586      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       564371      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       321794      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25463      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16008      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24088570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31368     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238648     86.14%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7031      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7846312     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       109011      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          748      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2993895     23.95%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1549319     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12499285                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.470811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277047                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49371849                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14053351                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12390845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12776332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10897                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       201658                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2816029                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25857                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13020785                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3073004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1553695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          822                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15938                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54244                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56532                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       110776                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12411138                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2984422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            4533563                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1626309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1549141                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.467491                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12391278                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12390845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6695882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13229826                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.466727                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10057311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11819028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1203217                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1507                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        96460                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23886912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19580437     81.97%     81.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1587045      6.64%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       739319      3.10%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       725661      3.04%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       201044      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       827511      3.46%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63183      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46163      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116549      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23886912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10057311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11819028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              4493303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             2950505                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1560964                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10509815                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       114502                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       116549                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           36792582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26246183                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                403216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2459824                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10057311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11819028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10057311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.639711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.639711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.378829                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.378829                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       61345417                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14396776                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15534323                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1942477                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1592409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192535                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       817925                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         757743                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8536                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18568226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11043307                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1942477                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       956338                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2428170                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        546327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1833298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1145760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191328                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23180124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20751954     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         262134      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         303119      1.31%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         166824      0.72%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         194103      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         106598      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          72178      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         188484      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1134730      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23180124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073167                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.415969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18417210                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1987601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2408982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        17905                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       348423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       315448                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2008                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13483278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10385                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       348423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18445120                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        583476                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1324105                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2399701                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        79296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13474261                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        20357                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        37007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18721077                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     62731769                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     62731769                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15969922                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2751155                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2029                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          216561                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1290245                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       700953                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       155057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13452268                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12708571                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1691433                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3914225                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          456                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23180124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17825501     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2152233      9.28%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1157472      4.99%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802777      3.46%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700107      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       358642      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85997      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55717      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41678      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23180124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3199     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12258     44.00%     55.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12403     44.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10637522     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198449      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1554      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1175546      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695500      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12708571                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.478695                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27860                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002192                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48643444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15147425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12496291                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12736431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       232082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16273                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          298                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       348423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        536351                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13190                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13455881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1290245                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700953                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2025                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9306                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108324                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       219714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12520884                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1104130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1799424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1751669                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           695294                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.471625                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12496560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12496291                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7426211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19456619                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.470699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381680                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9378659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11505585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1950411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       193506                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22831701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18131203     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2179542      9.55%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914906      4.01%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547951      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379911      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       244964      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127740      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102398      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203086      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22831701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9378659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11505585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1742843                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1058163                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1646479                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10372764                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       233989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       203086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36084546                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27260430                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                287066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3368270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9378659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11505585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9378659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.830724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.830724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.353267                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.353267                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       56473769                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17343279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12580778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2296341                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210922                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869039                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836308                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246665                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19964967                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12598933                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2296341                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1082973                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2624405                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        589388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1876618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1242098                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201614                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     24845784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22221379     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         160077      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         201446      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         322970      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         136180      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         173156      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         203174      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          93445      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1333957      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     24845784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.474565                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19849940                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2006486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2611800                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       376258                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       349345                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15401496                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       376258                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19870580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         64862                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1885015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2592394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        56668                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15306274                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21375996                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     71171339                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     71171339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17830570                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3545415                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          199918                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       748390                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8489                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       170482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14940433                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14315696                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15365                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846557                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24845784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18781611     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765178     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130333      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633555      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858697      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265884      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259837      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139555      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11134      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24845784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98957     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13612     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12794     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12059648     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195365      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313162      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745753      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14315696                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.539230                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125363                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53617904                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16790751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13938865                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14441059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277260                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       376258                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         49409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6263                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14944114                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11655                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748390                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124144                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119200                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       243344                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14063737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2036278                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1987895                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           745626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529740                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13938980                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13938865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8349884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22438615                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.525036                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10373709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12782978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161186                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       212488                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24469526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19057321     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2743753     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996287      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496021      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453133      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190232      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188899      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89538      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254342      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24469526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10373709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12782978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1895617                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1159011                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1852747                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11509008                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       264015                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       254342                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           39159270                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30264609                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                305682                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1702610                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10373709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12782978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10373709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.559200                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.559200                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390747                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390747                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63276332                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19478141                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14239560                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2295781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911460                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210658                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       868950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         835545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19955625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12593876                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2295781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1082169                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2623202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        588691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1890332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1241240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24847021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22223819     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         160216      0.64%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         201223      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         322660      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         136267      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         173506      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         202553      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          93058      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1333719      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24847021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.474374                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19839184                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2020009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2610707                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1289                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       375824                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       349259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15394737                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       375824                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19859719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         64608                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1898875                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2591447                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        56541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15300289                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21368211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     71142793                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     71142793                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17827695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3540479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3688                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1919                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          199556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1435138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       747980                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8565                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       170267                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14934310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3703                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14311789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15304                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843911                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3771845                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24847021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18784988     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2764005     11.12%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130669      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       632276      2.54%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858423      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265567      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       260628      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139397      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11068      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24847021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98930     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13589     10.84%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12803     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12056749     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195359      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1312628      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745285      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14311789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.539083                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53611221                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16782010                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13935282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14437111                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10695                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       375824                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         49185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6301                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14938017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1435138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747980                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1920                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123491                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       242979                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14060174                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290414                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251611                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2035579                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1987577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           745165                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13935382                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13935282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8348167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22427746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.524901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10372043                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12780904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2157158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       212227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24471196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19060104     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2742965     11.21%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       995906      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495973      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453427      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190380      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188657      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89614      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254170      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24471196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10372043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12780904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1895319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1158824                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1852442                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11507126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       263963                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       254170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39155010                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30251987                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                305244                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1701373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10372043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12780904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10372043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.559611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.559611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63260627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19473262                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14233823                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26548393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2297232                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912531                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869862                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836524                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9752                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19971160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12602251                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2297232                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1083290                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2625406                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        588523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1868828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1242084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24843024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22217618     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         160405      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         201672      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         323081      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         136367      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         173684      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         202752      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          92959      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1334486      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24843024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086530                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.474690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19854624                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1998606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2612871                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       375618                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       349607                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15404870                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       375618                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19875193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         64757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1877253                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2593591                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        56605                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15310193                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21382155                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     71188985                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     71188985                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17843503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3538652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1920                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          199684                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1435896                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       748684                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8607                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       170424                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14943955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14322417                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15185                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842114                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3766443                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24843024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18775971     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2766515     11.14%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1131768      4.56%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       632745      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       859214      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265421      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       260655      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139640      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11095      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24843024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98968     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13574     10.83%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12817     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12065576     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195528      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1770      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313532      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746011      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14322417                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.539483                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53628402                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16789863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13946103                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14447776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10726                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276035                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           91                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11524                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       375618                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         49301                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6295                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14947665                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1435896                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748684                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1921                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           91                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123535                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119491                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       243026                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14070916                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1291447                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2037331                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1989232                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           745884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.530010                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13946202                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13946103                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8354815                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22444037                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.525309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372251                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10381263                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12792261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2155474                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       212269                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24467406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19051545     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2745471     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996601      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496511      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453841      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190539      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188766      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89656      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254476      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24467406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10381263                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12792261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1897021                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1159861                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1854076                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11517376                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       264203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       254476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           39160587                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30271101                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                305369                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1705369                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10381263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12792261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10381263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.557337                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.557337                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391032                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391032                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       63309036                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19488133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14243805                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2296983                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912466                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210975                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836537                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9777                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19970820                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12602646                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2296983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1083276                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2625174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        589535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1869640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1242457                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201668                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24843989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       22218815     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         160139      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         201505      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         323070      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         136210      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         173200      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         203224      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          93473      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1334353      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24843989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086521                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.474705                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19854190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1999588                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2612562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       376349                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       349445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15405937                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       376349                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19874838                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         64851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1878102                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2593149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        56693                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15310671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21382249                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71191772                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71191772                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17836018                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3546217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1893                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          199988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436681                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       748615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8496                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       170518                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14944760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14319915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15369                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846972                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3784331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24843989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18777993     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2766033     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130674      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633745      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858941      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265941      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259941      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139584      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11137      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24843989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98977     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13618     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12800     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12063209     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195411      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313548      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745978      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14319915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.539389                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125395                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53624583                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16795497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13942997                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14445310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11785                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       376349                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         49390                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6260                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14948445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436681                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124174                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119234                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       243408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14067896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1291028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2036879                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1988472                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           745851                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13943112                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13942997                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8352413                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22445230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.525192                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10376894                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12786823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161683                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       212544                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24467640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19053792     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2744601     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996573      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496167      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453286      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190287      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188955      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89566      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254413      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24467640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10376894                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12786823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1896186                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1159356                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1853279                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11512473                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       264083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       254413                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           39161655                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30273373                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                305767                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1704405                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10376894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12786823                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10376894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.558414                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.558414                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       63295092                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19484011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14243778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2296034                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911692                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210890                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       868932                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246627                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9770                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19962237                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12597289                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2296034                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1082830                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2624063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        589298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1878482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1241925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201586                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     24843015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       22218952     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         160063      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         201423      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         322920      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         136165      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         173131      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         203148      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          93430      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1333783      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     24843015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.474503                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19845734                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2008319                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2611466                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       376200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       349293                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15399480                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       376200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19866369                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         64733                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1886997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2592061                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        56648                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15304281                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21373240                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     71162125                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     71162125                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17828395                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3544845                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          199878                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436089                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       748301                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8485                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       170458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14938493                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14313845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15358                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846270                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24843015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18779603     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2764856     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130187      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633457      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858600      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265829      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259811      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139543      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11129      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24843015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98943     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13610     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12794     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12058088     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195337      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1312989      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745663      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14313845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.539160                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53611410                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16788524                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13937088                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14439192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277220                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11782                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       376200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         49290                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14942174                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11655                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436089                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748301                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124127                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119181                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       243308                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14061935                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290486                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251910                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2036022                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1987637                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           745536                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13937203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13937088                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8348831                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22435860                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.524969                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10372445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12781400                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2160835                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       212456                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24466815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19055294     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2743403     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996170      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495945      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453074      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190207      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188881      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89523      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254318      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24466815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10372445                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12781400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1895388                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1158869                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1852514                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11507571                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       263973                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       254318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39154654                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30260682                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                305630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1705379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10372445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12781400                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10372445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.559512                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.559512                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390700                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390700                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63268242                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19475681                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14237715                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1769632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1596581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653953                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         630137                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4178                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18749847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11116373                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1769632                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       727562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2197779                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        300447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2900356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1077757                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        95039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24051201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21853422     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          78366      0.33%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         160474      0.67%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          67597      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         364044      1.51%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         325394      1.35%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          62381      0.26%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         132026      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1007497      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24051201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.066657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.418721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18538573                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      3113100                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2189529                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7012                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       202981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       155317                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13034974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1451                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       202981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18565191                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2892291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       133244                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2173520                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        83968                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13026712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        42402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        28223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          776                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15304770                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     61343454                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     61343454                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     13517626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1787138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          824                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          198499                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3068323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1549928                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14178                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        75398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12999435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12473987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7834                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1042565                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2519383                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24051201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19566859     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371613      5.70%     87.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1107420      4.60%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       479319      1.99%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       600290      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       563291      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       320776      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25758      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15875      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24051201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31454     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238270     86.10%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7000      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7832111     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108761      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2986930     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1545439     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12473987                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.469858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276724                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022184                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49283733                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14043942                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12364113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12750711                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       125081                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10937                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       202981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2825980                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26569                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13001021                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3068323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1549928                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          823                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16246                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57071                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       111320                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12384532                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2977032                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        89455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4522285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1622510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1545253                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.466489                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12364522                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12364113                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6682969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13214447                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.465720                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10032457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11789761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1212697                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        96725                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23848220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19553224     81.99%     81.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1583012      6.64%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       736404      3.09%     91.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       722901      3.03%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       201679      0.85%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       825509      3.46%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63481      0.27%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45989      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116021      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23848220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10032457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11789761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4482225                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             2943239                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1557121                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10483786                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       114224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       116021                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36734631                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26207936                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                402824                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2497193                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10032457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11789761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10032457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.646250                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.646250                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.377893                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.377893                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       61210570                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14367036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15504677                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2296300                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911917                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210919                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869021                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19964482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12598762                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2296300                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1082945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2624361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        589379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1879462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1242071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24849021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       22224660     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         160073      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         201444      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         322962      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         136180      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         173148      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         203171      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          93438      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1333945      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24849021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.474558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19850376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2009336                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2611758                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       349330                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15401269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19871016                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         64852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1887881                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2592351                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        56662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15306046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21375719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71170303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71170303                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17830346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3545373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          199919                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       748376                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8489                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       170482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14940209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14315479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783495                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24849021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18784964     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765127     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130298      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633524      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858709      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265865      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259852      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139545      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11137      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24849021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98961     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13612     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12794     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12059474     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195365      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313134      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745738      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14315479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.539222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125367                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53620709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16790495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13938665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14440846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277252                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11782                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         49392                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14943890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748376                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       243341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14063522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290626                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2036237                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1987857                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           745611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529732                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13938780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13938665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8349774                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22438362                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.525029                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10373567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12782802                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161149                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       212485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24472769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19060668     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2743692     11.21%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996271      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496003      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453121      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190233      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188900      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89538      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254343      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24472769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10373567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12782802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1895593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1158999                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1852712                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11508844                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       264005                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       254343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           39162299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30264166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                305668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1699373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10373567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12782802                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10373567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.559235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.559235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       63275413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19477895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14239363                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26548393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1864577                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1525024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184391                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       767876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733599                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191187                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8153                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18108651                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10582789                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1864577                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       924786                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2215736                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        537514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       853523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1115310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185373                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     21526971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       19311235     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         119378      0.55%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         188819      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         301567      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         125248      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         139263      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         149995      0.70%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          98115      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1093351      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     21526971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070233                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.398623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17936777                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1027076                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2208658                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         5663                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       348794                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       305337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12922056                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       348794                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17964509                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        222151                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       722251                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2187120                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        82143                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12912705                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         2774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        21509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        30629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6362                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17919719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     60064822                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     60064822                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15260646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2659073                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1838                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          241330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1232344                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       662073                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       149896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12893297                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12194607                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16001                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1652434                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3688034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21526971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16384941     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2065563      9.60%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1126462      5.23%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       768749      3.57%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719993      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       207127      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161994      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54834      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37308      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21526971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2876     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8842     38.98%     51.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10963     48.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10215546     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192711      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1475      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1127344      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657531      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12194607                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.459335                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45954867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14549210                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11995590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12217288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36564                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224996                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           24                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          786                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       348794                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        153217                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10783                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12896646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          253                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1232344                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662073                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1839                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7889                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107576                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       213223                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12018866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1059994                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1717191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1690223                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           657197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.452715                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11995795                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11995590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7011751                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        18325260                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.451839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382628                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8964670                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10988290                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1908423                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2978                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       188075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21178177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16715538     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2161699     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       842988      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451683      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       339070      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189494      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117848      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104128      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255729      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21178177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8964670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10988290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1647682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1007348                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1577243                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9901306                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       223206                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       255729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33819096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          26142250                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                295698                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               5021422                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8964670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10988290                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8964670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.961447                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.961447                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.337673                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.337673                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       54196329                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16626160                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12051490                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         2974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1766529                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1593582                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94387                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       656362                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629486                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18726851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11098326                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1766529                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       726757                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2194293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        298119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2882305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1076079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94577                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24004823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21810530     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          78095      0.33%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         160644      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          67706      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         363578      1.51%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         325240      1.35%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          62196      0.26%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         131421      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1005413      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24004823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066540                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.418041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18521602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      3089037                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2185939                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7101                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       201138                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       155244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13010668                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1443                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       201138                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18547904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2864721                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       134615                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2169794                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        86645                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13002844                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        44656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        28385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          926                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15273672                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     61230401                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     61230401                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     13505237                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1768431                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          199866                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3064231                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1548969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14267                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        75398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12976038                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12458724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1026776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2475838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           65                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24004823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19524750     81.34%     81.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371044      5.71%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1107443      4.61%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       478376      1.99%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       597877      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       563145      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       320826      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25419      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15943      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24004823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31313     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238146     86.15%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6981      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7819454     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108715      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          745      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2985138     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1544672     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12458724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.469284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022188                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49206198                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14004747                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12350916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12735164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22499                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122283                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          366                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10711                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       201138                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2797427                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25086                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12977615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3064231                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1548969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          817                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          366                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56528                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       110555                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12371004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2975617                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4520086                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1621105                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1544469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.465979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12351321                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12350916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6674029                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13182590                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.465223                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10024650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11780244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1198775                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        96243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23803685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19512187     81.97%     81.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1581525      6.64%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       736014      3.09%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       723345      3.04%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200066      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       825306      3.47%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63070      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45934      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116238      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23803685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10024650                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11780244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4480206                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             2941948                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1555723                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10475258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       114041                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       116238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36666440                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          26159203                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                402239                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2543571                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10024650                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11780244                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10024650                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.648311                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.648311                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.377599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.377599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       61150912                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14348652                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15484907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2297391                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211016                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836669                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246784                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9777                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19973991                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12604873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2297391                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1083453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2625632                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        589649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1868686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1242662                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201708                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24846696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22221064     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         160173      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         201532      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         323128      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         136229      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         173227      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         203257      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          93483      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1334603      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24846696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.474789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19857312                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1998642                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2613019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       376422                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       349500                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15408680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       376422                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19877965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         64879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1877117                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2593601                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        56705                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15313392                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21386129                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     71204392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     71204392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17839208                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3546909                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1893                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          200037                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       748734                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8496                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       170552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14947454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14322495                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15370                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1847366                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3785078                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24846696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18779639     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2766495     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130892      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633845      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       859093      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265989      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259979      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139622      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11142      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24846696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99001     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13620     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12802     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12065392     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195455      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313783      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746096      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14322495                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.539486                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125423                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53632479                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16798585                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13945487                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14447918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       376422                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49411                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6263                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14951139                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748734                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124198                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119259                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       243457                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14070427                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1291260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2037229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1988823                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           745969                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529992                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13945602                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13945487                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8353954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22449381                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.525286                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10378727                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12789066                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2162126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       212585                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24470274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19055498     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2745053     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996760      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496250      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453360      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190321      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188992      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89574      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254466      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24470274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10378727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12789066                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1896495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1159547                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1853605                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11514478                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       264124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       254466                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39166922                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30278826                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                305816                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1701698                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10378727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12789066                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10378727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.557962                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.557962                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       63306399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19487586                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14246260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1941201                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1592037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192462                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       796704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         755937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198140                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8528                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18546918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11042674                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1941201                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       954077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2426784                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        547628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1873392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1144332                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191102                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23199017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20772233     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         262475      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         304737      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         166757      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         191190      0.82%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         105991      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          72595      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         187427      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1135612      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23199017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073119                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.415945                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18394670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2028901                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2406228                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       349918                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       314648                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2005                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13474052                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        10464                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       349918                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18424730                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        579942                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1365983                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2396297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        82144                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13464918                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        19925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        38595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18714039                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     62691066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     62691066                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15950905                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2763134                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3531                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1974                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          224490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1286182                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       699530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18502                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       154351                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13441894                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3539                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12692206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17702                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1695833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3933453                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          409                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23199017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17851060     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2151379      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155357      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       800972      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698793      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356332      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87427      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55773      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41924      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23199017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3179     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11788     43.10%     54.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12383     45.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10624466     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198504      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1552      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1173236      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694448      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12692206                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.478078                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27350                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48628481                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15141396                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12480397                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12719556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31551                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229299                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          181                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       349918                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        534265                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13030                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13445454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1286182                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1976                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9311                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111278                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108256                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       219534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12504384                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102341                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1796592                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1748758                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           694251                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.471003                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12480653                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12480397                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7418134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19431355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.470100                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9367408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11491811                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1953826                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       193436                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22849099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18153434     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2177593      9.53%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913275      4.00%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548161      2.40%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378948      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245704      1.08%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127373      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102253      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202358      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22849099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9367408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11491811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1740726                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1056883                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1644493                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10360361                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       233712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       202358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36092313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27241206                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                286250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3349377                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9367408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11491811                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9367408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.834124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.834124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.352843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.352843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       56406910                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17323080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12578183                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1863584                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524703                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183849                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18072821                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10577077                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1863584                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       923202                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2215613                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        538217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       888575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1113184                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184815                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     21527323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19311710     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         120551      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         188722      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         302013      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         124954      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         139147      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         148599      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          97200      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1094427      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     21527323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070196                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17900123                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1062971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2208481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5703                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       350042                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       304698                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12916170                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1637                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       350042                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17928844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        233340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       744577                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2186025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        84492                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12906284                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        31053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7758                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17910360                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     60037987                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     60037987                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15234787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2675569                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1878                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          244159                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1233382                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       660921                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19474                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       149845                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12885343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12175740                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1668176                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3738342                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          386                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21527323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16393961     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2061965      9.58%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1124898      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       766503      3.56%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719100      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206709      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162181      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54609      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37397      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21527323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2878     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9033     39.50%     52.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10960     47.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10199707     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192490      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1473      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1125691      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656379      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12175740                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.458624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22871                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45917666                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14557035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11976771                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12198611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36446                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       227710                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       350042                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        158800                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10792                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12888731                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1233382                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       660921                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1875                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7870                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       212213                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12000098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1058401                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1714460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1687143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           656059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.452008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11976965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11976771                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7003042                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18309167                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.451130                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382488                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8949590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10969794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1919036                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       187519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21177281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16722514     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2158170     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       841367      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450237      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338936      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188864      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117609      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104211      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255373      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21177281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8949590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10969794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1644953                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1005670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1574573                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9884670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       222838                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       255373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33810673                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          26127733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                294951                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5021071                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8949590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10969794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8949590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.966437                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.966437                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.337105                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.337105                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       54113132                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16599120                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12043389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2054460                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1680893                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843128                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806999                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211172                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19765649                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11489898                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2054460                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1018171                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2396466                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        554097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1085747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1211032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202478                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23596966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21200500     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         111036      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         176870      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         239288      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         247145      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         209209      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         117307      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         174760      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1120851      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23596966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077385                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.432791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19561738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1291677                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2391797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       348874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       338102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14098128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       348874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19615776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        189013                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       977615                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2341264                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       124421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14092403                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        18262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        53427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19659294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     65555355                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     65555355                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17005128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2654149                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3443                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          370376                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320523                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       713619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       230012                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14074941                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13350060                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1585106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3806521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23596966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17903662     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2375886     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192625      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871840      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689460      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282054      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176794      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92630      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12015      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23596966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2775     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8512     38.10%     50.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11052     49.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11229188     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199395      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1671      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1208523      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711283      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13350060                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.502858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50321437                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15663567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13149062                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13372399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215780                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10838                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       348874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        158683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12619                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14078423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320523                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10695                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114498                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       231250                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13165789                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137319                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1848539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1869877                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           711220                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.495917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13149183                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13149062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7548425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20349602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.495287                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9913106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12197737                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       204720                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23248092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18205150     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2519206     10.84%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933328      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445637      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399564      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216840      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174275      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85878      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268214      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23248092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9913106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12197737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1807520                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1104739                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1758936                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10989949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       251139                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       268214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37058217                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28505738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                301474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2951428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9913106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12197737                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9913106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.678111                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.678111                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.373398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.373398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59249747                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18316433                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13066480                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3738                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.932804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         151663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        26.212064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.286216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.884979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1272.398557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         758.363051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.621288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.370294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3609154148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3676020648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612183959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3679050459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612183959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3679050459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974393.668467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984209.008835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974422.432965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984229.657303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974422.432965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984229.657303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3283906940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348051640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286673351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350818051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286673351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350818051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886583.947084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896399.368139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886612.719450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896420.024345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886612.719450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896420.024345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3763                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.934597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         151685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        26.103080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.268518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.567732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1275.984481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         753.113865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.623039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.367731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1230                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1230                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3684                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3685                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3728                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3763                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64052621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3530140197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3594192818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2093852                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2093852                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64052621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3532234049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3596286670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64052621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3532234049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3596286670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              7442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               7448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              7448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.505241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.505236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.505236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830074.885714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 947688.643490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955902.345213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 697950.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 697950.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830074.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 947487.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955696.696784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830074.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 947487.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955696.696784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                672                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     672                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60979096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3203036111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3264015207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1830452                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1830452                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60979096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3204866563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3265845659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60979096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3204866563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3265845659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1742259.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859875.466040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868089.150798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 610150.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 610150.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1742259.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859674.507242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867883.512889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1742259.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859674.507242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867883.512889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1899                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.511155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         177530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        44.978465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          49.340543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.592030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   845.244447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1129.334136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.412717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.551433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3395                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3396                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1899                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573923475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1651491862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573923475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1651491862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573923475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1651491862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.358640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.358640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844832.783145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 869663.961032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844832.783145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 869663.961032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844832.783145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 869663.961032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1098                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1098                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410352075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484759662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410352075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484759662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410352075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484759662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757032.783145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781863.961032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757032.783145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781863.961032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757032.783145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781863.961032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          950                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.421786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         177770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        59.296197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.223535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.447310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   449.162301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1527.588639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.015355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.219318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.745893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2858                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 950                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107617950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    743012580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     850630530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107617950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    743012580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      850630530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107617950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    743012580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     850630530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              3792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               3810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              3810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.243272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.250527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2908593.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 813814.435926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895400.557895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2908593.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 813814.435926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895400.557895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2908593.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 813814.435926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895400.557895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104368005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    662825507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    767193512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104368005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    662825507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    767193512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104368005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    662825507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    767193512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.243272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2820756.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 725986.316539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807572.117895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2820756.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 725986.316539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807572.117895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2820756.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 725986.316539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807572.117895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.518166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         177771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        59.237254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.319746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.276221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   449.173817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1526.748382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.015760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.219323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.745483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            880                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 880                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   2856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2854                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  2856                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    748863633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     865678528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    748863633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      865678528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    748863633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     865678528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              3794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          880                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             880                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               3809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              3809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.243539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.250197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.250197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819325.637856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 908372.012592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819325.637856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 908372.012592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819325.637856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 908372.012592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    668600221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781990916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    668600221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    781990916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    668600221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    781990916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.243539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731510.088621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820557.099685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731510.088621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820557.099685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731510.088621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820557.099685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          956                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.517895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         177776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        59.179760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.318399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.276704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   449.732397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1526.190395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.015760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.219596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.745210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            881                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 881                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2858                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 956                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107669453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    741735526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     849404979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107669453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    741735526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      849404979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107669453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    741735526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     849404979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              3801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          881                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             881                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               3816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              3816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.243883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.250524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.250524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2760755.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 808871.893130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888498.932008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2760755.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 808871.893130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888498.932008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2760755.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 808871.893130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888498.932008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                497                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     497                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104245253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    661222926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    765468179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104245253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    661222926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    765468179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104245253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    661222926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    765468179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.243883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2672955.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721071.893130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800698.932008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2672955.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721071.893130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800698.932008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2672955.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721071.893130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800698.932008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.422709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         177772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        59.237587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.223428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.444805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   449.449021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1527.305455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.015354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.219458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.745755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108742612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    738144158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     846886770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108742612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    738144158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      846886770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108742612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    738144158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     846886770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              3796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               3814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              3814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.243812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2938989.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805834.233624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888653.483736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2938989.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805834.233624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888653.483736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2938989.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805834.233624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888653.483736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105493921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    657686980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763180901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105493921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    657686980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    763180901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105493921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    657686980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    763180901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.243812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2851187.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717998.886463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800819.413431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2851187.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717998.886463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800819.413431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2851187.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717998.886463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800819.413431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          950                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.423285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         177767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        59.295197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.224991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.441824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   448.934230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1527.822240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.015352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.219206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.746007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2855                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 950                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117427091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    738893378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     856320469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117427091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    738893378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      856320469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117427091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    738893378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     856320469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              3789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               3807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              3807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.243467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.250726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3173705.162162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 809302.714129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 901389.967368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3173705.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 809302.714129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 901389.967368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3173705.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 809302.714129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 901389.967368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    114177728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    658719703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    772897431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    114177728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    658719703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    772897431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    114177728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    658719703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    772897431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.243467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3085884.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 721489.269441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813576.243158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3085884.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 721489.269441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813576.243158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3085884.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 721489.269441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813576.243158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3742                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.933634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         151674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        26.195855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.278592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.648229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1271.669336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         758.337478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.620932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.370282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1228                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1228                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3675                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3676                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3709                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3742                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52420278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3543249693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3595669971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3333648                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3333648                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52420278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3546583341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3599003619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52420278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3546583341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3599003619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              7412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1228                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1228                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               7418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              7418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1588493.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 956084.644630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961666.213159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1111216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1111216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1588493.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 956210.121596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961786.108765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1588493.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 956210.121596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961786.108765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                672                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     672                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49522567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3217837320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3267359887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3070248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3070248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49522567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3220907568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3270430135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49522567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3220907568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3270430135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1500683.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868277.744199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873859.290452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1023416                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1023416                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1500683.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868403.226746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873979.191609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1500683.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868403.226746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873979.191609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          950                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.421781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         177770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        59.296197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.223432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.445369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   449.015669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1527.737312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.015354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.219246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.745965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2858                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 950                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     855265245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      855265245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     855265245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               3810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              3810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.243272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.250527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.243272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2998                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.619102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         117687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        23.332078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.801089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    21.716654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   873.564233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1139.537126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.426545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.556415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            813                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 813                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3591                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3592                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2998                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49093444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2711088515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2760181959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5955227                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5955227                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49093444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2717043742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     2766137186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49093444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2717043742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    2766137186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              6575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          813                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             813                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               6590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              6590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363706.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 916837.509300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922212.482125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1191045.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1191045.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363706.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 917300.385550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922660.835891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363706.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 917300.385550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922660.835891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                460                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     460                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45932644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2451463915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2497396559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5516227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5516227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45932644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2456980142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2502912786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45932644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2456980142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2502912786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275906.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 829037.509300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834412.482125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1103245.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1103245.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275906.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 829500.385550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834860.835891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275906.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 829500.385550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834860.835891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3758                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.932473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         151661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        26.121426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.243512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.136849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1273.735840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         755.816272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.621941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.369051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3664                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3665                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3724                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3758                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67583550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3556179494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3623763044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3653372                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3653372                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67583550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3559832866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3627416416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67583550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3559832866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3627416416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              7417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               7423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              7423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.506269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.506264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.506264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1987751.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 955705.319538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965050.078296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1217790.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1217790.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1987751.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 955916.451665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965251.840341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1987751.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 955916.451665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965251.840341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                670                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     670                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64597850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3229380054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3293977904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3389972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3389972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64597850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3232770026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3297367876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64597850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3232770026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3297367876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1899936.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 867879.616770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877224.475100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1129990.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1129990.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1899936.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868090.769603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877426.257584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1899936.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868090.769603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877426.257584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.423347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         177772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        59.237587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.224318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.443892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   449.534033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1527.221104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.015353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.219499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.745713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108250105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    734245918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     842496023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108250105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    734245918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      842496023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108250105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    734245918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     842496023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              3796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               3814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              3814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.243812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2925678.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 801578.513100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884046.194124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2925678.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 801578.513100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 884046.194124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2925678.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 801578.513100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 884046.194124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105001122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    653816873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    758817995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105001122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    653816873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    758817995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105001122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    653816873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    758817995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.243812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2837868.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 713773.878821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796241.337880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2837868.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 713773.878821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796241.337880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2837868.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 713773.878821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796241.337880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1845                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.509423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         177516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        45.598767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.531156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.783481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   833.830711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1141.364075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.010636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.407144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.557307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1889                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1889                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3379                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3380                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1845                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69155516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1537993125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1607148641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69155516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1537993125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1607148641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69155516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1537993125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1607148641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2033985.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849250.759249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871083.274255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2033985.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849250.759249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871083.274255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2033985.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849250.759249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871083.274255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66169708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1378962972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1445132680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66169708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1378962972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1445132680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66169708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1378962972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1445132680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1946167.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761437.311982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783269.745257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1946167.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761437.311982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783269.745257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1946167.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761437.311982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783269.745257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2989                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.619243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         117669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        23.370209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.578309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.391203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   868.489077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1144.160654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.424067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.558672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3573                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3574                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2989                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57129023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2724796063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2781925086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6286173                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6286173                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57129023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2731082236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     2788211259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57129023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2731082236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    2788211259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544027.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 924286.317164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931968.203015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1571543.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1571543.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544027.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925163.359079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932824.108063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544027.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925163.359079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932824.108063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                460                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     460                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53879113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2465898109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2519777222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5934464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5934464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53879113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2471832573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2525711686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53879113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2471832573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2525711686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456192.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 836464.758820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844146.473032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1483616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1483616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456192.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837341.657520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845002.236869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456192.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837341.657520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845002.236869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.422935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         154525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        46.839952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.434926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   584.700142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1405.191132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.014861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.285498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.686128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2950                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79225771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    970709932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1049935703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79225771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    970709932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1049935703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79225771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    970709932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1049935703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1932335.878049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800915.785479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837937.512370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1932335.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800915.785479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837937.512370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1932335.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800915.785479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837937.512370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75625310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    863760673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    939385983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75625310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    863760673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    939385983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75625310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    863760673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    939385983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1844519.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713262.322874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750308.293131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1844519.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713262.322874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750308.293131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1844519.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713262.322874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750308.293131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              569.844900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001082147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1741012.429565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.116107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.728793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51527.478175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.851192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.148808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.433012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.566988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14692491825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14692491825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702482382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14702482382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702482382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14702482382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539907.096792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539907.096792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539917.093827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539917.093827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539917.093827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539917.093827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3889346390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3889346390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892593401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892593401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892593401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892593401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527941.684539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527941.684539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527952.448257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527952.448257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527952.448257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527952.448257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              571.972977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001087296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1728993.602763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.678136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.294841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1079406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1079406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1079406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1079406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1079406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1079406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89595623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89595623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89595623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89595623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89595623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89595623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1079458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1079458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1079458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1079458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1079458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1079458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1722992.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1722992.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1722992.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1722992.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1722992.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1722992.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64409004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64409004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64409004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64409004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64409004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64409004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1789139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1789139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1789139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1789139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1789139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1789139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              393126569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             51268.462311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   110.857489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   145.142511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.566963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2814536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2814536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1541252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1541252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4355788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4355788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4355788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4355788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        27486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        27486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14448589603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14448589603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7556789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7556789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14456146392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14456146392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14456146392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14456146392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2842004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2842004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1541270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1541270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4383274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4383274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4383274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4383274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 526015.348879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 526015.348879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 419821.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419821.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 525945.804846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 525945.804846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 525945.804846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 525945.804846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3811761546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3811761546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2311052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2311052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3814072598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3814072598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3814072598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3814072598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514685.598974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514685.598974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 385175.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 385175.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514580.760658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514580.760658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514580.760658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514580.760658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              514.102644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              972825052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1874422.065511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.102644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1145711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1145711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1145711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1145711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1145711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1145760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1145760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1145760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              153885797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             27908.196772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.783229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.216771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.885872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.114128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       805891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       680776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1486667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1486667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7703759873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7703759873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    352409496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    352409496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8056169369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8056169369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8056169369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8056169369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       823931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       681328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1505259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1505259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 427037.686973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427037.686973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       638423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       638423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3436253                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 572708.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1811404716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1811404716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       981998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       981998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1812386714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1812386714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1812386714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1812386714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 345490.123212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345490.123212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65466.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65466.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              490.326587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              974825601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1973331.176113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.326587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.056613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1242040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1242040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1242040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1242040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1242040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    160362406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160362406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    160362406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160362406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    160362406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160362406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1242094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1242094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1242094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2969674.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2969674.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2969674.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2969674.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2969674.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2969674.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1774411                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 354882.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108066378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108066378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108066378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108066378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108066378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108066378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2770932.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2770932.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2770932.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2770932.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2770932.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2770932.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              144469240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35875.152719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   220.621536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    35.378464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.861803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.138197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       988712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       732892                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732892                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1721604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1721604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         9740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         9740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2195652958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2195652958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8188046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8188046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2203841004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2203841004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2203841004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2203841004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       998343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       733001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1731344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1731344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 227977.671893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227977.671893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 75119.688073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75119.688073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 226267.043532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226267.043532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 226267.043532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226267.043532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7260                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7260                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    935556014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    935556014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1297086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1297086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    936853100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    936853100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    936853100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    936853100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 249282.177991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249282.177991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72060.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72060.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 248436.250331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248436.250331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 248436.250331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248436.250331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              491.155051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              974824741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1965372.461694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.155051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1241180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1241180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2399686                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 479937.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              144468913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35901.817346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   220.614039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    35.385961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.861774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.138226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       988437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       732813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1721250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1721250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2201716139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2201716139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5798567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5798567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2207514706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2207514706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2207514706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2207514706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       998075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       732890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1730965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1730965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1730965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1730965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228441.184789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228441.184789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75306.064935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75306.064935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 227227.453011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227227.453011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 227227.453011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227227.453011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    941353742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941353742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1034024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1034024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    942387766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    942387766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    942387766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    942387766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250827.002931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250827.002931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68934.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68934.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250102.910297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250102.910297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250102.910297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250102.910297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              491.162895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              974825586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1965374.165323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.162895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.057953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1242025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1242025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1242025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1242025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1242025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158479108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158479108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158479108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158479108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158479108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158479108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1242080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1242080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1242080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2881438.327273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2881438.327273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2881438.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2881438.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2881438.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2881438.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2071821                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 345303.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108127701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108127701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108127701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108127701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108127701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108127701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2637261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2637261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2637261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2637261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2637261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2637261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              144470337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35839.825602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   220.628397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    35.371603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.861830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.138170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       989184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        989184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       733487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1722671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1722671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1722671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1722671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2189557463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2189557463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5185766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5185766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2194743229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2194743229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2194743229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2194743229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       998843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       733551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1732394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1732394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1732394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1732394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 226685.729682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226685.729682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81027.593750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81027.593750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225726.959683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225726.959683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225726.959683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225726.959683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    934620699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    934620699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1017268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1017268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    935637967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    935637967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    935637967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    935637967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248569.334840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248569.334840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67817.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67817.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 247851.117086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247851.117086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 247851.117086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247851.117086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              490.329289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              974825960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1973331.902834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.329289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.056617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1242399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1242399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164310756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164310756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164310756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164310756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164310756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164310756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3042791.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3042791.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3042791.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3042791.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3042791.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3042791.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1776482                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 355296.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109208949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109208949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109208949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109208949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109208949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109208949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2800229.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800229.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2800229.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800229.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2800229.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800229.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              144469754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35839.680972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   220.643153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    35.356847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.861887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.138113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       989001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        989001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       733113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1722114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1722114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1722114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1722114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2190655439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2190655439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8216029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8216029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2198871468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2198871468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2198871468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2198871468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       998639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       733222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1731861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1731861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 227293.571177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227293.571177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 75376.412844                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75376.412844                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225594.692521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225594.692521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225594.692521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225594.692521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35359                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 17679.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    930776885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    930776885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1296594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1296594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    932073479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    932073479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    932073479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    932073479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 247744.712537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247744.712537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        72033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 246906.881854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246906.881854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 246906.881854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246906.881854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.320147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              974825428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1973330.825911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.320147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1241867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1241867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    171445741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171445741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    171445741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    171445741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    171445741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    171445741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3174921.129630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3174921.129630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3174921.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3174921.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3174921.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3174921.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2397849                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 479569.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117879470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117879470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117879470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117879470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117879470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117879470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3022550.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3022550.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3022550.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3022550.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3022550.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3022550.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              144469034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35901.847416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   220.612201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    35.387799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.861766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.138234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       988593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       732805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1721398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1721398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2188194946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2188194946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8199892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8199892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2196394838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2196394838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2196394838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2196394838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       998215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       732914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1731129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1731129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 227415.812305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227415.812305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 75228.366972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75228.366972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225711.112733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225711.112733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225711.112733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225711.112733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7250                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    931204041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    931204041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1299277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1299277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    932503318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    932503318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    932503318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    932503318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 248321.077600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248321.077600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72182.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72182.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 247479.649151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247479.649151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 247479.649151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247479.649151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              571.121770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001085593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1734983.696707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.974943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   542.146826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.046434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1077703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1077703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1077703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1077703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1077703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1077703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70781672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70781672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70781672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70781672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70781672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70781672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1077757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1077757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1077757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1077757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1077757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1077757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1310771.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1310771.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1310771.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1310771.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1310771.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1310771.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52760720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52760720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52760720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52760720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52760720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52760720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1551785.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1551785.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1551785.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1551785.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1551785.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1551785.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              393116374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             51455.022775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   110.833671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   145.166329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.432944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.567056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2808149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2808149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1537444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1537444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4345593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4345593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4345593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4345593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        27249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        27249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14482144354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14482144354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11262571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11262571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14493406925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14493406925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14493406925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14493406925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2835380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2835380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1537462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1537462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4372842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4372842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4372842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4372842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 531825.652896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531825.652896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 625698.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625698.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 531887.662850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 531887.662850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 531887.662850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 531887.662850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3824180287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3824180287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3550848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3550848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3827731135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3827731135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3827731135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3827731135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 518322.077392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518322.077392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       591808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       591808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 518381.789680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518381.789680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 518381.789680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518381.789680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              490.324615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              974825575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1973331.123482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.324615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.056610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1242014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1242014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2086751                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347791.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              144469202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35875.143283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.630793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.369207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.861839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.138161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       988686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       732880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1721566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1721566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2205836669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2205836669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8213726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8213726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2214050395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2214050395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2214050395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2214050395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       998317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       732989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1731306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1731306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 229035.060638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229035.060638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75355.284404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75355.284404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    936107571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936107571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1299401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1299401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    937406972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    937406972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    937406972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    937406972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 249429.142286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249429.142286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72188.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72188.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              519.310060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              977218773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1854305.072106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    29.310060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.046971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1115258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1115258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1115258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1115258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1115258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1115258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66322620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66322620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66322620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66322620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66322620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66322620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1115310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1115310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1115310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1115310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1115310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1275435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1275435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1275435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1275435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1275435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1275435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49489194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49489194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49489194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49489194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49489194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49489194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1337545.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337545.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1337545.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337545.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1337545.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337545.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              162723129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             23898.241886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   228.020869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    27.979131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.890707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.109293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       770989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       637232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       637232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1408221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1408221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1408221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1408221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        17236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        17236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7631204278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7631204278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     56928132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56928132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7688132410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7688132410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7688132410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7688132410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       788130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       788130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       637327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       637327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1425457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1425457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1425457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1425457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 445201.813080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445201.813080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 599243.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 599243.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446050.847644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446050.847644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446050.847644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446050.847644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2970850736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970850736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6642818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6642818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2977493554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2977493554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2977493554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2977493554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454397.481799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454397.481799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442854.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442854.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454371.059667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454371.059667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454371.059667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454371.059667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              571.127767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1001083915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1731979.091696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.832739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.295028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1076025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1076025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1076025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1076025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1076025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1076025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104495408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104495408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104495408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104495408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104495408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104495408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1076079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1076079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1076079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1076079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1076079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1076079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1935100.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1935100.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1935100.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1935100.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1935100.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1935100.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67940740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67940740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67940740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67940740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67940740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67940740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1941164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1941164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1941164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1941164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1941164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1941164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              393113939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 7644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             51427.778519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   110.867091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   145.132909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2806446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2806446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1536717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1536717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4343163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4343163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4343163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4343163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        27267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        27267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14463319107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14463319107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12487061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     12487061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14475806168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14475806168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14475806168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14475806168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2833695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2833695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1536735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1536735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4370430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4370430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4370430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4370430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530783.482220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530783.482220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 693725.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 693725.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530891.046613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530891.046613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530891.046613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530891.046613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3836422948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3836422948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3870572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3870572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3840293520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3840293520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3840293520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3840293520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 519699.667841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519699.667841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 645095.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645095.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 519801.505143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519801.505143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 519801.505143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519801.505143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              490.329731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              974826164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1973332.315789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    35.329731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1242603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1242603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1242603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1242603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1242603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    160957458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160957458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    160957458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160957458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    160957458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160957458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1242658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1242658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1242658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2926499.236364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2926499.236364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2926499.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2926499.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2926499.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2926499.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1758882                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351776.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108690828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108690828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108690828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108690828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108690828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108690828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2786944.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2786944.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2786944.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2786944.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2786944.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2786944.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              144470051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35839.754651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   220.643467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    35.356533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.861889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.138111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       989180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        989180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       733231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1722411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1722411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1722411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1722411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2184091254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2184091254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8204798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8204798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2192296052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2192296052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2192296052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2192296052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       998817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       733340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1732157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1732157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1732157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1732157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226636.012660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226636.012660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 75273.376147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75273.376147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 224943.161502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224943.161502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 224943.161502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224943.161502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35288                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        17644                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    926880494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    926880494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1294781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    928175275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    928175275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    928175275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    928175275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 246707.610860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246707.610860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 71932.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71932.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 245874.245033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245874.245033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 245874.245033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245874.245033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              511.785954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              972823619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1881670.442940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.785954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.047734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1144278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1144278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1144278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1144278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1144278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106158860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106158860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106158860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106158860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106158860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106158860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1144332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1144332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1144332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1965904.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1965904.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1965904.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1965904.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1965904.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1965904.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69551452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69551452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69551452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69551452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69551452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69551452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1987184.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1987184.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1987184.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1987184.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1987184.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1987184.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5190                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              153884147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             28256.361917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.681630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.318370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.885475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.114525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       805096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       679965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1629                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1629                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1485061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1485061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1485061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1485061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7794359319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7794359319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    316935557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    316935557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8111294876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8111294876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8111294876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8111294876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       823180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       680497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1503677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1503677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1503677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1503677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 431008.588752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 431008.588752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 595743.528195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 595743.528195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 435716.312634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435716.312634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 435716.312634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435716.312634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2071047                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 345174.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1774161031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1774161031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       970844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1775131875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1775131875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1775131875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1775131875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342833.049469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342833.049469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64722.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64722.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342029.263006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342029.263006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342029.263006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342029.263006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.976734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              977216643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1850789.096591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.976734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1113128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1113128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79623014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79623014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79623014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79623014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79623014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79623014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1421839.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1421839.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1421839.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1421839.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1421839.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1421839.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57502076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57502076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57502076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57502076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57502076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57502076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1513212.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1513212.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1513212.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1513212.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1513212.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1513212.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              162721045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             23996.614806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.001812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.998188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.890632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.109368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       769918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        769918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       636186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1406104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1406104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7669700064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7669700064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64950578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64950578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7734650642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7734650642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7734650642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7734650642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       787038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       636279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1423317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1423317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447996.499065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447996.499065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 698393.311828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 698393.311828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449349.366293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449349.366293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449349.366293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449349.366293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2983245588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2983245588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6968253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6968253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2990213841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2990213841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2990213841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2990213841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458185.468899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458185.468899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 497732.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 497732.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458270.320460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458270.320460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458270.320460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458270.320460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              510.474714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              971661344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1875794.100386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.474714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1210982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1210982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90899288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90899288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90899288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90899288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90899288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90899288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1211032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1211032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1211032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817985.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1817985.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817985.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1817985.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817985.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1817985.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79707622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79707622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79707622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79707622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79707622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79707622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1853665.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853665.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1853665.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853665.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1853665.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853665.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148145873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33547.525589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   223.768344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    32.231656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.874095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.125905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       831693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       699431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1531124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1531124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        13267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        13267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4412441813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4412441813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8669877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8669877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4421111690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4421111690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4421111690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4421111690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       844856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       699535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1544391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1544391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335215.514169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335215.514169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83364.201923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83364.201923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333241.251979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333241.251979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333241.251979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333241.251979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1171696625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1171696625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1157991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1157991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1172854616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172854616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1172854616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172854616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 282881.850555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282881.850555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64332.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64332.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 281936.205769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281936.205769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 281936.205769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281936.205769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
